


Heart of Darkness







Information


season
number




3
19






Navigation


previous
next




The Murder of One
Do Not Go Gentle





Contents[show]
 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Elena walks down the stairs into the basement with a bag. She approaches the door to one of the cells and peers through the barred door window.]

Elena: Alaric?

Alaric: Yep. Still me.

[Elena unlocks the door and enters the cell. Alaric is sitting on a cot in the room.]

Alaric: You know, you shouldn't be in here. It defeats the point of the whole being locked in a cellar thing.

[Elena drops the bag on the ground.]

Elena: Well, you still need the basics. Toothbrush, clothes, some boring books to help you sleep.

[Alaric picks up one of the books and hands it to Elena.]

Alaric: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?

Elena: What? No, I grabbed....Damon. [Drops the book on the floor.] Thinks he's hilarious.

Alaric: At least one of us still has a sense of humor.

Elena: Are you sure that you...? I mean you don't have to be kept in here.

Alaric: Ah, no, this is...this is the right place for me to be. At least until you guys can convince my highly uncooperative alter ego to fess up to where I or he hid the white oak stake.

Elena: We looked everywhere. You....the other you, hid it well.

Alaric: What's Klaus gonna do if you can't find it?

Elena: It's the only thing that will kill him, so wage war, murder people, you know Klaus stuff.

[Elena pulls up a chair and sits down in it.]

Elena: Listen, Stefan is gonna watch over you for a little while. Now that Klaus knows where Jeremy is, it's not safe so, Damon and I are gonna go to Denver to pick him up.

Alaric: Why do you say that like you're waiting for me to disapprove?

Elena: I don't know. Me and Damon. Traveling across the country.

Alaric: I guess I'm more curious to hear what Stefan has to say about it.

Elena: Actually, it was his idea. He thinks that I have some unresolved feelings for Damon.

Alaric: Do you?

Elena: I guess that's why I'm going on this trip. So I can figure it out.

[Upstairs, Stefan is standing in front of the fireplace, staring into the flames. Damon is bringing luggage down for the trip.]

Damon: You hear from Klaus?

Stefan: Not yet. I'm sure I will soon though. [Stefan picks up the white oak stake.] He's expecting me to deliver two stakes, I only have one.

Damon: Well, that's gonna be disappointing for him.

Stefan: I'll get it out of Alaric. I just need some time.

Damon: I like that confidence, Stefan. I don't share it, but I like it.

Stefan: You don't think I can do what it takes.

Damon: Well, you're good Stefan again. You're in control. Sorry, you might get the girl but you lose the edge. Speaking of...

[Elena walks into the room.]

Damon: Have you ever flown first class?

Elena: Who did you have to compel for that?

Damon: Pft, please. I use miles.

[Damon picks up the luggage and walks out the door. Elena looks at Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan...

Stefan: Be safe.

[Elena stares at him for a moment, and then walks out the door.]

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Caroline walks into the cafeteria and looks around. People are decorating for the "Roaring 20s" decade dance. Caroline sees Matt and walks over to him.]

Caroline: What is this?

Matt: It's the decade dance. Remember, you made us sign up to help?

Caroline: No. [Caroline picks up a boa.] This. The 20s. We're doing the 70s.

Rebekah: Too flashy, people. It's supposed to be speakeasy, not the World Fair.

[Rebekah sees Caroline and walks up to her.]

Rebekah: Ah, good, you're here. I need help setting up the tables so, get to it.

Caroline: What do you think you're doing?

Rebekah: Somebody has to be in charge.

Caroline: Yeah, me. I'm the chair of the Dance Committee. The theme of the decade dance is the 1970s.

Rebekah: So, you'd rather dress in tacky colors with bad hair than be a classic flapper from the jazz age? Honestly, I don't know what my brother sees in you.

Caroline: Maybe he sees a challenge. See, unlike some other people, I don't sleep with everyone I make eye contact with.

Matt: Maybe we can do both decades?

Caroline/Rebekah: [In unison.] No.

Rebekah: Go on, Matt, don't be a coward. You know you loved my 20s idea when I presented it to the group.

[Caroline turns around and looks at Matt.]

Caroline: Traitor!

Matt: Bell bottoms and disco? I don't know, this just seemed cooler.

Rebekah: See? It's just cooler.

Caroline: Whatever. Have fun at your stupid dance.

[Caroline walks away. Outside, Caroline is walking to her car with Matt chasing after her.]

Matt: Caroline! Wait!

[Caroline pauses outside her car then turns around with a smile on her face.]

Caroline: Impressive! You sold it!

Matt: And you bought yourself a day.

Caroline: Thank you. Just keep her occupied. Be careful!

Matt: You too. And uh, tell him I said hi. Okay?

[Caroline nods and gets into her car.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan enters the basement and goes over to the cellar which Alaric is being kept in. Alaric is lying on the cot with his eyes closed.]

Alaric: Do you know how hard it is to fall asleep when that is what you're supposed to do?

Stefan: Well, look, I know it's not easy so [Stefan holds up a whiskey bottle.] Damon suggested that I bring something to help speed up the process.

Alaric: What the hell.

[Alaric sits up and puts the "Moby Dick" book that's open on his chest on the bed next to him as Stefan enters the cell. He hands the bottle to Alaric and goes to grab a chair.]

Alaric: You know, I'll feel decidedly less pathetic if I don't drink alone.

Stefan: Oh, I am one step ahead of you.

[He shows Alaric a glass and sits down in the chair. He holds his glass out and Alaric pours some whiskey in it. They both drink, Stefan from the glass, and Alaric from the bottle.]

Alaric: So, road trip, huh?

Stefan: Yeah, I needed to stay here.

Alaric: Why? I mean, why you? You know, it doesn't take much to babysit me while I sit here waiting for a psychotic break.

Stefan: Well, unfortunately, we only have a limited amount of time.

Alaric: Before what?

Stefan: Before we have to resort to other methods.

Alaric: So, you're worried that you're gonna have to torture me. You don't think Damon could have done that?

Stefan: Look, Elena needed to go on that road trip with Damon. No matter what I go through to get her back; fighting my bloodlust, trying to gain control of my life again...None of that matters if she has feelings for somebody else.

 Batting Cage In Denver 

[Elena and Damon are at a batting cage looking for Jeremy. Elena spots him.]

Elena: There he is.

[Jeremy swings at the ball and misses.]

Damon: Next time we compel him, remind me to make him better at baseball.

[Elena walks over to the cage.]

Elena: Hey Jer!

Jeremy: Elena? What's wrong?

[Damon, Elena, and Jeremy are walking out of the batting cages. Damon explains what has happened over the past few months.]

Damon: Katherine sired us, Rose sired Katherine, all we need to do is find out who sired Rose.

Jeremy: So, you traveled across the country to get me to talk to a dead vampire?

Damon: Dead vampire is redundant, but yes.

Jeremy: Well, I can't. I could talk to Anna and Vicki because I knew them. I've never even met Rose.

Damon: What good is you dying and coming back to life if you can't talk to a ghost when I need you to?

Elena: Rose spent a long time running from Klaus as well. She and Damon were close, so maybe we can use him as a connection.

Jeremy: Fine, fine, but can we do this later? My friend just got here and yes, Damon, I actually have some. I'll call you when I'm done.

[Jeremy walks away. Elena turns around and sees Kol.]

Elena: Jer...

Jeremy: Hey man.

Elena: Damon, it's Kol!

[Kol hits Damon with a wooden baseball bat. The bat breaks in half and Damon falls to the ground.]

Jeremy: What are you doing?!

Elena: Jeremy, get back! He's an Original.

Jeremy: What?

Kol: No hard feelings, mate. But we're not buds.

[Kol grabs an aluminum bat from the bat rack.]

Kol: You know, I'll never get use to aluminum. But hey, at least it won't break.

[Kol swings to hit Damon with the bat, but Damon grabs it and with his other hand picks up half of the broken wooden bat and stabs Kol through the chest with it. Kol falls to the ground.]

Jeremy: Did you kill him?

Damon: No, but it'll give us a head start. Okay, come on.

[Damon grabs Elena, who is shocked, and they leave the batting cages.]

 Motel In Denver 

[Elena, Jeremy, and Damon are getting their luggage out of the car and start walking to their motel room.]

Damon: For the record, she's the one who wanted to stay in a motel, not me.

Jeremy: So, where are we?

Damon: Corner of somewhere and nowhere where Kol can't find us.

Jeremy: I can't believe Kol was a vampire.

Damon: Well, didn't you find it weird that you made a friend so fast? Have you met you?

[Elena glares at him as they walk up the stairs.]

Elena: Not helping.

[They enter their motel room.]

Elena: Well, this should work, right Jer?

Jeremy: Yeah, doesn't really matter.

Damon: Alright Whoopi, what do you need? [Damon draws the curtains closed.] Candles? Incense? Pottery wheel?

Jeremy: That's not how it works.

Damon: I know, I know. They push from the other side and you pull from this one.

Jeremy: Alright, you uh- you got a picture of her?

Damon: Picture? What, a trip to Disneyland? Come on Rose, you're not gonna actually make us wait, are you? I know you're obsessed with me.

[Elena scoffs, rolls her eyes and sits down next to Jeremy.]

Jeremy: All right, uh- tell me something about her.

[Damon sits down on the end of one of the beds.]

Damon: Um, well she does this little thing with her tongue.

Elena: Something that matters, Damon.

Damon: She spent her last day in paradise. Soaking in the sun and reminiscing about what it means to be human. And when death came, she didn't fear it.

Elena: I was with her on her last day and she definitely wasn't in paradise.

Jeremy: It was in the dream he gave her. She's here.

[Damon looks around. He can't see her, but Rose is sitting on the bed next to him.]

 Old Lockwood Cellar 

[Caroline is walking through the woods. She stops near the stairs going down into the old Lockwood cellar and looks around. She hears a noise. She smiles and turns around. Tyler is standing behind her.]

Caroline: Hi.

Tyler: You have no idea how much I've missed you.

[Caroline smiles and they kiss. They make their way down the cellar, while still passionately kissing each other. Caroline pushes the cellar door open and takes her jacket off. Tyler takes his jacket off too and they continue to kiss. Tyler pushes Caroline against the wall and she takes his shirt off. They kiss again while Caroline smiles.]

 Klaus' Mansion 

[Matt drives Rebekah up to the house and parks his pickup truck.]

Matt: Here we are. Home, sweet, home.

Rebekah: Okay, spill. Why are you being nice to me?

Matt: I drove you home. You don't have a car.

Rebekah: Not just that, I mean, helping me with the dance and then standing up to Caroline. I don't buy it.

Matt: Buy what?

Rebekah: The whole gentlemanly thing. After everything my family has done to you. What are you up to?

Matt: It's sad that you can't just get a ride home from school without thinking there is some ulterior motive.

Rebekah: You're right. I'm probably gonna organize the whole dance and then have to compel myself a date.

Matt: Let's not get crazy. Good bye, Rebekah.

Rebekah: Good bye, Matt. Thanks for the ride.

[Rebekah gets out of the car and Matt drives away. She stands there for a while, smiling. She enters the house and sees someone standing by the fireplace. Rebekah stops and the person turns around. It's Esther.]

Rebekah: Mother.

[Rebekah rushes over to her, grabs her by the throat and pushes her against the wall.]

Rebekah: Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.

Esther: Because I'm dying.

 Motel In Denver 

Elena: Is she lonely on the other side?

Rose: No. I enjoy it. I was running so much when I was alive, now I have the freedom to do whatever I want.

Jeremy: She says not to worry, she's happy.

Damon: Is she still hot?

Rose: Tell him he's still dripping with sex too. [Jeremy stares at her.] Fine, tell him I miss him.

Jeremy: She misses you.

Rose: And tell him I'm rooting for him and Elena.

Jeremy: She uh- she misses both of you.

Rose: Unfortunately, I don't have any news on the siring front. Klaus didn't sire me. No Original did. It was Mary Porter.

Jeremy: She was sired by someone named Mary Porter.

Damon: Uh, Scary Mary. Well, where is she, Rose?

Rose: I didn't keep track of her when I was alive, much less now. Tell them to sit tight, relax. I'll see what I can find out.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan and Alaric are sitting together in the cellar.]

Alaric: I assume they've got Jeremy by now?

Stefan: They should. Haven't heard from them. Elena's worried about him, knowing that she can't count on his ring anymore.

Alaric: Who knows? Maybe his alter ego is a pot smoking, hippie pacifist.

Stefan: Yeah, maybe.

Alaric: I can't say, I thought mine would be so hostile and militant.

Stefan: That actually makes perfect sense. Your wife left you to become a vampire and your girlfriend was killed by one.

Alaric: You must really hate me. Here I am, the failed hunter slash drinking buddy of vampires.

Stefan: Ah, he's too judgmental.

Alaric: The thing is, he's me. I'm not compelled, I'm not possessed, there's no humanity switch. What drives him is me.

Stefan: No. No, he's not you. He's the darkest parts of you. The parts we all have.

[Klaus enters the cell.]

Klaus: Well, this is depressing, isn't it?

[Stefan stands up.]

Klaus: Oh, and I found this [Klaus shows them the stake.] upstairs. Now, by my count, there should be one more.

Stefan: Yeah, well it's gonna take a little more time.

Klaus: Why? Because we're waiting for that one to pass out? [He points to Alaric.] No thanks. I think I'll just kill him.

Stefan: Well, then you won't know the location of the other stake.

Klaus: I can live with that.

Stefan: Well, I can't. When we staked Finn, we discovered that killing an Original vampire killed its entire bloodline. Now, I don't know which one of you I'm descended from, but I'd really rather not find out by dying, so why don't we just find the stake, destroy it, so we can all be safe?

Klaus: So, the fate of the entire vampire race depends on you finding a stake? And to get it we need you to pass out. Which means that I feel totally justified doing this.

[Klaus rushes towards Alaric and breaks his neck. Alaric dies.]

Klaus: There. Sleeping like a baby.

 Motel In Denver 

[Damon is outside the motel room, his phone rings and he answers it. Stefan is on the other end.]

Damon: There you are. Any sign of Evil-laric?

Stefan: Nope, only dead Alaric.

Damon: What?

Stefan: Don't worry, he was wearing his ring. Klaus was here, let's just say he's not very patient.

Damon: Kol must have told him we were in Denver. How long has Ric been out?

Stefan: A few hours. I'm hoping when he wakes up, it won't be him, it'll be the other him.

Damon: And if not?

Stefan: Yeah, I know. Whatever it takes. So, were you able to contact Rose?

Damon: Yeah, no answers yet. So, we're just stuck in this motel until she gets back to us.

Stefan: A motel?

Damon: Yeah, we had to get away from Kol. I'll call you when I know more.

[Damon hangs up.]
[Jeremy and Elena are in the motel room together. Jeremy is on his bed watching TV and Elena is going through the luggage.]

Jeremy: So, what's up with you and Damon?

Elena: What do you mean? Nothing's up.

Jeremy: Are you sure about that? Cause even Rose said something.

Elena: What did she say?

[Damon enters the room.]

Damon: Everything okay in here?

Elena: Yeah. It's fine.

Damon: Okay, well, I'm gonna freshen up. You might want to get some rest. I'm sure Rose will make herself known when she gets back.

 Klaus' Mansion 

Rebekah: How are you dying? I thought Ayana preserved your body with a spell.

Esther: She did. I'm drawing my power from the Bennett witch line. When Abby died the connection was severed. So my body has weakened.

Rebekah: Well, if you've come to spend your last moments with your loving daughter, prepare to be disappointed. You should have spent less time plotting my death.

Esther: Is that what you think I've been doing on the other side? I've been looking over you for a thousand years. Of joy and heartbreak. Your fights with Klaus, the nights you cried yourself to sleep calling out my name. Not a day has gone by that I wasn't right there with you.

Rebekah: And yet you still tried to kill me.

Esther: Because it shouldn't have been a thousand years, Rebekah. No one should live that long.

Rebekah: But I haven't lived at all.

Esther: I'm sorry, Rebekah. I'm so, so sorry.

[Esther takes Rebekah's hands and starts to shake. She falls to the ground, dead. Rebekah kneels down next to her. Klaus enters the room.]

Klaus: What's going on?

Rebekah: She's dead.

 Old Lockwood Cellar 

[Caroline is lying on Tyler's chest. They're both naked. There are lit candles in the cellar.]

Tyler: Did I mention I miss you? Bad.

[Caroline giggles and kisses his chest.]

Caroline: Mm, at some point we are going to do this in an actual bed, right?

Tyler: [laughs] Yes, I promise. Once I figure out how to deal with Klaus.

Caroline: Tell him to suck it. You broke his sire bond, you won't have to deal with him anymore.

Tyler: It's easier said than done. Besides, I won't know if it's broken for sure until I test it.

[Caroline sits up.]

Caroline: Wait, I thought you said that's why you were coming back, because you said you felt different.

Tyler: I do feel different. I feel freer. Way more myself. All I know is I just turned about a hundred times in the Appalachian Mountains. If I can get through that, I can get through anything.

Caroline: Good. Because Klaus might not be our only problem.

Tyler: Why?

[Tyler sits up too.]

Tyler: What else did I miss?

Caroline: Matt killed an Original and then every vampire that Original had ever turned mysteriously died. Right now, Damon is desperate to figure out which Original created our vampire bloodline and if he finds out it wasn't Klaus, they're all gonna kill him.

Tyler: But Klaus turned me. So if he dies, I die.

Caroline: I know that. They know that. The difference is Damon doesn't care.

 Motel In Denver 

[Damon walks out of the bathroom, shirtless. He grabs a bottle of whiskey in the ice box and puts a shirt on. Elena is in bed, watching him. Damon pours himself a drink and sits down. He drains the glass of liquor and looks over at Elena. Elena quickly closes her eyes and tries to get to sleep. Damon continues to watch her and Elena opens her eyes again. They stare at each other for a while, until Damon gets up and walks over to the bed. He lies down next to her.]

Elena: You never told me about that. What you did for Rose.

Damon: It wasn't about you.

Elena: Why don't you let people see the good in you?

Damon: Because when people see good, they expect good. [He turns his head and looks at Elena.] And I don't want to have to live up to anyone's expectations.

[Elena turns on her back. She places her arm by her side; Damon gently grabs and caresses her hand. Elena breathes heavily, unsure of what she's feeling. She quickly gets out of the bed, grabs her coat and leaves the motel room. She puts on her coat and leans against the ice machine. Damon comes out after her.]

Elena: Don't.

Damon: Why not? Elena...

[Elena turns around and rushes towards Damon. She kisses him passionately. They continue to kiss as Damon pushes Elena against a pillar. He starts to kiss her neck and chest, but she lifts his head back up to her lips. They look at each other and continue to kiss. Then Jeremy ruins the moment by coming out of the room. Elena and Damon pull away from each other. Jeremy gives Elena a shameful look while Elena smiles slighty unsure of what she felt.]

Jeremy: Elena?

Elena: Oh my God, Jeremy. I...

Jeremy: Rose found Mary. She lives in Kansas.

Damon: Okay then. Let's go.

[Damon heads back into the room. Jeremy looks at Elena.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan is reading Moby Dick, when Alaric comes back from the dead.]

Stefan: Welcome back.

Alaric: What happened? Did I uh..?

Stefan: No, you pretty much laid there dead for half the night. But on the uh- on the plus side, I did almost finish reading Moby Dick.

[Stefan gets up and walks towards Alaric.]

Alaric: This is stupid. Evil me or whatever you want to call him, he's not gonna make an appearance. Why would he? I mean, the best hiding place is the one where you can't find the person who hid it.

Stefan: I know.

Alaric: So, how do you want to do this?

Stefan: I don't want to do any of this.

Alaric: Well, that makes two of us. But I don't think we have much choice in the matter.

[Alaric takes off his ring.]

Stefan: Wait, wait, what are you doing? You need that ring.

Alaric: No, what I need is hope that my alter ego doesn't have a death wish. So, I'm taking bets that my dark side has a sense of self-preservation. So, let's see if he defends himself against death.

Stefan: Look, Alaric, I'm not gonna kill you, okay?

Alaric: If we have any chance at this, Stefan, you're gonna have to try.

[Stefan looks at Alaric. He rushes towards Alaric and punches him.]

 Mary's House 

[Damon, Elena, and Jeremy pull up to an old, abandoned-looking house and get out of the car.]

Jeremy: This is the address.

Damon: Looks about right.

Elena: [To Jeremy] Wait here.

Jeremy: Why?! So you guys can make out some more??

Damon: Don't be a dick. Listen to your sister.

[Jeremy scoffs and goes back to the car.]

Damon: Thank you. Come on.

[Damon and Elena enter the house. Elena turns on a torch. The room full of books on the floor and other junk.]

Damon: Oof, like Vampire Hoarders.

Elena: Who is this Mary person?

Damon: Scary Mary. She's really old, super creepy.

Elena: And how do you know her?

Damon: I dated her.

Elena: Of course.

Damon: What? I said creepy, not ugly.

[A loud noise comes from another room. Damon and Elena look at the door where the noise came from. Damon, followed by Elena goes into the room. Elena moves the torch light around the room and the beam lands on a vampire who has been staked to the wall.]

Damon: Mary.

[The lights come on in the dark room. Kol is sitting in a chair with a baseball bat.]

Kol: Quite contrary.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan hits Alaric again. Alaric gets up and looks at Stefan.]

Alaric: You're not putting enough into this.

Stefan: If I put any more into it, I'm gonna break your spine.

[Stefan hits Alaric again. Alaric falls to the floor, blood is coming out of his mouth and one of his tooth has fallen out. The veins under Stefan's eyes start to protrude and his eyes become bloodshot. He turns away.]

Alaric: Well don't back down now.

Stefan: No, no, no, no, no, I can't...the blood.

[Alaric gets up again.]

Alaric: Come on, you're past that.

Stefan: No, I'm not.

Alaric: Then use it! Give into it! Try and kill me, Stefan. Come on!

Stefan: Not like this, Alaric.

Alaric: Yes! Like this. You're gonna have to want to kill me for me to believe that you will.

Stefan: If I go this far, I may not be able to stop.

Alaric: If you want the answers from my darkest side, you're gonna have to tap into yours. So, don't back down, don't fight it. Just do it. Do it!

[Alaric grabs Stefan's shirt and shakes him. Stefan vamps out and throws Alaric against the brick wall. Alaric falls on the ground and laughs.]

Alaric: You're so weak.

[He gets up.]

Alaric: Look at you, one of nature's most hideous creatures and you can't even get that right.

Stefan: You.

Alaric: Me.

 Mary's House 

Kol: Shame about Mary. She used to be a blast. Don't quite know what happened. I fear all the time she spent with my family might have ruined her. She was a bit of an Original groupie.

Elena: And were you her favorite?

Kol: You mean, did I turn her? I think I did. But no, wait, maybe it was Rebekah. There was also a Klaus period. And let's not forget the Elijah affair. I spoke to my brother, I know you're trying to find out who you descended from. Now you never will. So, where did we leave off?

[Kol hits Damon's leg with the baseball bat. Damon falls to the ground and Kol continues to hit him.]

Damon: Elena, get out of here!

[Elena runs for the door, but Kol rushes over and blocks her way.]

Kol: According to my brother, you're off limits. Please don't test me.

[Kol throws Elena to the ground. Damon gets up and rushes towards Kol.]

Damon: Don't touch her.

[Kol throws Damon off of him.]

Kol: Oh dear, I've hit a nerve. Heh heh. Relax, darling, I just want us to be even. You snapped my neck, you killed my brother, and then you humiliated me.

[Kol hits Damon with the bat repeatedly.]

Kol: There, now we're even.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

Stefan: Where's the stake?

Alaric: You're worse than I ever was. Spineless, pathetic.

Stefan: Tell me where the stake is before I kill you.

Alaric: You know you're all gonna burn. Ashes to dust.

[Stefan hits Alaric repeatedly.]

Stefan: Where's the stake?!

[Alaric doesn't answer. Stefan hits him again, then grabs him in a chokehold.]

Stefan: I'm gonna kill you in three...two...one.

Alaric: It's in the cave. Where no vampire can get it. Heh heh!

[Stefan throws Alaric onto the ground and leaves the cellar, locking the door behind him. He goes up the stairs while texting on his phone and into the parlor where Klaus and Rebekah wait for him.]

Klaus: That wasn't too hard, was it?

 Mary's House 

[Elena has her hand on Damon's chest.]

Elena: Are you okay?

Damon: Yeah.

[Damon pops his arm back into place.]

Damon: That's better.

[Damon caresses Elena's face and touches the cut on her forehead. Elena gasps.]

Damon: Are you okay? You're bleeding.

Elena: Yeah. I'll be fine.

[She grabs his hand and takes if off her face. She releases his hand from her own and turns away.]

Damon: What are you doing?

[Elena turns to face him.]

Elena: What do you mean?

Damon: Well, this trip and you kissing me. What the hell is this?

Elena: Stefan thinks that I have feelings for you.

Damon: Do you?

Elena: I- I don't – I don't know.

Damon: Hm. I guess you thought this little trip could help you figure that out, didn't you?

Elena: No.

Damon: Or maybe you were hoping I'd screw it up, so I could just make the decision for you, am I wrong?

Elena: Damon...

Damon: Am I wrong??

Elena: It's what you do, Damon. You sabotage things, you...I mean, think about it, every time there's a bump in the road, you lash out.

Damon: What if I didn't? What if there was no bump?

[Elena says nothing.]

Damon: I'm sorry, Elena. This time I'm not gonna make it so easy for you. This time you'll have to figure it out for yourself.

[Damon walks out of the room.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Klaus is pouring himself a drink in the parlor. Rebekah brings Alaric up from the basement.]

Klaus: That's a little gratuitous, don't you think, Stefan? I would have been more gentle.

Rebekah: I'm gonna take him to the caves. You're gonna go inside and fetch me the stake and if you think you're gonna hide, you're wrong.

[Rebekah pushes Alaric towards the door and leaves.]

Klaus: And then there was one. I know about your brother's little mission to Denver. He failed. Not that that's news anymore.

Stefan: So, what are you gonna do now, Klaus? You gonna kill me?

Klaus: I haven't actually decided yet.

[Klaus sits down.]

Stefan: Aww, sure you have. See you've had every chance and every excuse imaginable to do it, but yet you haven't. Which means you don't want to.

Klaus: You know something, you're right. You see, I'm still waiting for my old friend to come back. By the looks of it, he's just beneath the surface. Waiting to come out and play. Isn't that right, Ripper?

Stefan: I've been fighting that part of myself, thinking that if I repressed it then it would go away. But it won't. And now that I've accepted it, it can't control me. And neither can you. So, unless you're gonna stake me, why don't you get the hell out of my house?

[Stefan leaves the room.]

 Elena's Car 

[Jeremy, Elena, and Damon are driving back to Mystic Falls. Jeremy glances at Elena, then turns his head and sees Rose.]

Rose: Are we there yet? Don't tell them I'm here. They had a fight. I know you want to stop it. Protect her from him. But you're young, you don't see what I see. It's not just that she makes him a better person, she does, but he changes her too. Damon challenges her, surprises her, he makes her question her life, beliefs. Stefan is different, his love is pure, he'll always be good for her. Damon is either the best thing for her or the worst.

[Rose disappears.]

 Forbes Residence 

[Tyler is sitting on Caroline's bed. Caroline enters her room.]

Caroline: My mom said you could stay as long as you want.

Tyler: Did she say we could share the bed?

Caroline: No. She said you could sleep on the couch. At least until we figure out what Damon and Stefan find out about Klaus.

Tyler: And if Klaus didn't create their line and they try to kill him?

Caroline: Tyler, I just got you back.

[They kiss.]

Caroline: I'm not losing you again.

[Caroline goes out into the living room to make up the couch for Tyler. Tyler sees the drawing Klaus made for Caroline on her dresser and picks it up.]

Tyler: Klaus drew this for you?

Caroline: Huh?

Tyler: That's pretty creepy.

[Caroline walks over to Tyler.]

Caroline: Yeah, Klaus is pretty creepy. Even when he's trying to be charming.

Tyler: Charming? Does Klaus have a thing for you or something?

Caroline: No, as far as I'm concerned, he is incapable of real feelings.

Tyler: I'm serious. What the hell happened while I was gone?

Caroline: Tyler. Nothing. Nothing happened.

Tyler: Then why'd you keep this?

Caroline: I don't know!

Tyler: I think I'm gonna find someplace else to spend the night.

[Tyler walks out of the room, handing the drawing back to Caroline.]

Caroline: Tyler. Tyler!

 Old Lockwood Cellar Cave 

[Alaric and Rebekah walk down into the cave. Alaric enters, but Rebekah stops where the vampire barrier is.]

Rebekah: Go get it. You know I can't get in.

[Alaric walks over to a crevice in the stone wall and pulls out the stake. He sits down on Esther's coffin.]

Alaric: Now why would I give you the one thing that requires everyone to keep me alive?

Rebekah: Are we bargaining now? Fine. What's your offer?

Alaric: There's only one stake out there. Which means only one Original has to die. Help me and I'll make sure it's not you.

Rebekah: Tenuous, but points for effort. You see, I don't want one Original to die.

[Rebekah steps over the vampire barrier. Alaric is surprised.]

Rebekah: I want them all to die.

Alaric: How the hell did you do that?

Rebekah: It was easy to fool Niklaus, but I thought you of all people would understand. After all, my son did use your body at one point.

Alaric: You're not Rebekah.

Rebekah: No. My name is Esther and we have a great deal in common.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


