
This file  is copyrighted. It will be used in a way that qualifies as fair use under US copyright law.





The Day I Tried To Live







Information


season
number




6
13






Navigation


previous
next




Prayer For the Dying
Stay





Contents[show]
SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE, PRISON WORLD
(Bonnie cooks breakfast. She sits down at the table and marks today the 5th February)
Bonnie: (saddened) Happy Birthday,
Bonnie. (angrily tosses the calendar inside the fireplace)
Start credits...

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE GARAGE
(Jeremy is weight lifting. Elena drives her car in front of the garage. She carries balloons and other birthday
supplies out of her car)
Elena: Hey. You want to ugh... give me a hand, please?
Jeremy: Little busy here. (exhales and continues to lift)
Elena: Ok. Fine. Then you are on decoration duty. (smiles) It's Bonnie's birthday.
Jeremy: I know what today is.
Elena: Then you know how she would
have wanted us to spend it. She would have wanted us to celebrate by cooking
her favorite foods, watching her favorite movies.
Jeremy: So we're throwing a birthday
party where the guest of honor never shows up. That's not depressing.
Elena: Or we could celebrate you
going to art school. Oh, wait. We can't because I found your application in the
garbage. Why didn't you tell me that you were thinking about going to art
school?
Jeremy: (sits up) I'm not. The only
class I'm passing is study hall. They'll never let me in.
Elena: Jer, I've seen your
portfolio. You're good.
Jeremy: Doesn't matter. I'm not
leaving without knowing Bonnie's okay or not.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE LIVING ROOM
Caroline: (on the phone with her
mom) Mom, I'm not calling to check up on you, ok? I'm just about to start
making Bonnie's birthday cake and want to make sure that your recipe called for
3 eggs instead of 4, right? (there's already a cake on the table) All right.
I'm just a phone call away in case you need any... (her mom has already ended
the call) bye.
(Gasps when she sees Miss Cuddles on
the table. Stefan walks over to her.)
Caroline: Is it just me, or do her
eyes follow you around the room?
Stefan: (Looks at the bear) Hmm.
It's definitely you.
Caroline: I haven't seen Miss
Cuddles in 12 years.
Stefan: Well, that's the bear Bonnie
sent back from 1994. I guess she lost the original.
Caroline: No. She didn't lose her. I
took her. (turns the bear around) Yeah. When Bonnie and I were little, we got
in this huge fight, so to get back at her, I bearnapped Miss Cuddles, and then
I didn't want my mom to come home and find out, so then I buried her in the
woods. I even left some M&M's to mark the spot where I left her, but
something must have eaten them.
Stefan: Well, I'm pretty sure that
Bonnie is over it by now.
Caroline: Miss Cuddles isn't. She's
out there all alone like Bonnie. You know what? I'm gonna go find her.
Stefan: You're gonna what?
Caroline: Yeah. It's Bonnie's
birthday. (takes on her jacket)
Stefan: Wait, wait. Hold on.
Caroline, you've been going through a lot lately. Do you think that maybe
you're just a little confused about what you're actually upset about?
Caroline Yes, probably, but my mom's
dying, and my best friend is stuck in an alternate universe, and her bear is in
a hole in the woods, and there's only one of those things that I can do
anything about.
Stefan: Right.
(Stefan and Caroline leaves)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE KITCHEN
Damon: (looks at the cupcakes and
smiles) Happy Birthday, Bon-bon.
Elena: (walks inside) Hey.
Damon: Hi.
Elena: (takes of her jacket and sees
the cupcakes) Ooh. You think we could sneak one before the party?
Damon: I think Caroline might fry us
in the sun.
Elena: It's worth the risk. (takes a
bite of the cupcake Damon is holding out to her).
Damon: Come here. (Damon wipes some
frosting from her lips and licks his fingers).
Elena: You know, we never talked
about the fact that you kissed me.
Damon: And you kissed me back?
(takes a bite of the cupcake) Yeah. I know. That's the whole point of kissing
so you don't have to talk about it.
Elena: Right. Well, I just wanted
you to know that I'm good with that.
Damon: Yeah?
Elena: Yeah. We--we're good. Really
good. Ha.
Damon: Was this the talk?
Elena: Pretty much.
Damon: Perfect. (Damon leans in to
kiss Elena).
Kai: Hello? (Kai is calling from the
front door).
Elena: (pulls away) No. That's
impossible because why would he...
Damon: (closing his eyes hoping) He
didn't. He's all merged, he's packed, and his on his way to Portland!
Kai: (walks inside) Ooh! Forgot how
massive this house was. (smiles) Yum! Cupcakes! Sorry. Am I interrupting
something?
Damon: (annoyed) What are you doing
here?
Kai: Funniest thing. I need your
help. (takes out a letter)
Elena: Why would we give a letter to
Jo?
Kai: I haven't been able to find her
using a locator spell, and, you know, good on her because under normal
circumstances, I'd superjazzed to gouge out her belly button. (eats the
frosting on the cupcake with his finger)
Elena: Why would we help you, Kai?
Kai: Well, in case you haven't
figured it out by now, I'm a sociopath. (Elena pretends to be shocked) I know.
Shocker. I like being a sociopath. You know, I'm not burdened by things like
guilt or love. So then this merge happened with my brother Luke, and I won,
which was great because I absorbed his ability to do magic, but now I can't
stop thinking about how Luke died, how Liv's life is ruined. For some horrible
reason, I can't shake how badly I feel about it. (sighs frustrated)
Elena: (looks at him surprised) You
feel bad?
Kai: Yes. So when I absorbed Luke's
magic, I must have gotten some of his qualities or something like empathy. So I
googled how to process emotional pain, and they said if you write everything
down in a letter and burn it, you'll be healed. So I started writing, and this
water literally started pooling in my eyes. Has that ever happened to you,
like--like water just--just oozing out of my eyeballs like I'm some alien
creature excreting fluids.
Elena: You mean you cried.
Kai: Yes! And after that was done, I
burned the letter, and the feelings--oop-- were still there. So I really feel
strongly that Jo needs to know how sorry I am for destroying our family, but
let's face it, guys, all right? I mean, Elena, you of all people should be
willing to look past the questionable things that I've done to see that
there's--there's good somewhere in me. You did it with Damon.
Damon: (even more annoyed) Ok. I
think we're done here. Come on.
Elena: Actually, what if there's something
he can do for us in exchange? (smiles having an idea)

DUKE UNIVERSITY, NORTH CAROLINA
(Matt and Enzo sits in a car)
Matt: So I'm guessing you didn't
bring me out here to watch you perv out on some co-ed.
Enzo It's not just some co-ed. Meet
the real Sarah Salvatore, the hothouse flower Stefan's been keeping secret all
these years.
Matt: Why do you even care?
Enzo: Because Damon thinks he killed
Sarah, and instead of absolving him, Stefan's been using Damon's guilt to keep
him in check. Not very brotherly now, is it?
Matt: So I help you destroy some
innocent girl or what? You're gonna kill me? Then go ahead and kill me.
Enzo: I don't want to kill you,
Matt. I just want you to do a few simple tasks.
Matt: Screw you! I'm not gonna be
your bitch for the rest of my life.
Enzo: (Grabs Matt's throat.) I don't
want to kill you, but I will kill you. Oh. Look at that. Very brave. I admire
your tolerance for pain. Does that run in your family? Just wondering if your
mother shares your pain threshold. Took a drive down to South Carolina to take
a peek at mama Donovan. Quite a dish, that one. [releases him and Matt gasps
and coughs] Good. Now that that's settled, it's time for you to get to know
Sarah Salvatore.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE LIVING ROOM
Kai: (examines the ascendant) Sad
attempt at iron welding.
Elena: I tried to fix it.
Kai: I can't bring Bonnie back with
this.
Elena: I thought you were the
all-powerful leader of the Gemini coven now.
Kai: (Shows her the broken
ascendant) I destroyed this so that it couldn't be used again.
Damon: Well, can we use that hunk of
junk to send a message at least? It is her birthday.
Kai: (looks surprised at him) It is?
Damon: Yeah. It's really sad. I
mean, old Bon-bon-- she's gonna be getting all dressed up for a party no one's
even gonna show up to. I mean, I wonder if she even knows that it is her
birthday, or do all the days just blend into one vast sea of misery? I wonder.
Kai: (looks at the ascendant) One of
the crown wheels survived. That's a positive. Plus I am megapowerful.
Damon: Yeah.
Kai: What do you want to say?
Damon: Well, I mean, if Bonnie needs
magic to get out, we just need to tell her where to find some.

LIV'S DORM
(Tyler walks inside and sees Liv
cry, while holding a white dress)
Liv: I was gonna wear this for the
merge ceremony. It's the dress I would have died in. (throws it in a garbage
can) How could Luke do this?
Tyler: He didn't do this to you. Kai
did, and he's going to finish what he started by killing you and every other Gemini.
So grab whatever you need, and let's get out of here, or else Luke would have
died for nothing.
Liv: Just haul ass out of here like
my dad? Live out the rest of my life wondering is today the day that Kai finds
me? I should have just done the stupid merge. At least then, Luke and I would
still be together. All our lives, we've never been apart. I don't know how to
do this.
Tyler: I'm so sorry, Liv.
Liv: (cries) I can't run, Tyler. Kai
took my entire life. There's nowhere for me to go.
Tyler: Hey, hey, hey. Look at me.
Look at me. Whatever you want to do, I will help you get through it.
Liv: Fine. Then I want to kill Kai.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE LIVING ROOM
(Damon and Elena tries to figure out
were Bonnie can get magic from, while Kai tries to fix the ascendant)
Elena: Ok. So we know that Jo stored
her magic in a hunting knife. Bonnie sent hers over with Miss Cuddles. What
receptacle of magic am I not thinking of?
Damon: Let me give you a hint.
Scorned lover.
Elena: Katherine?
Damon: Older.
Elena: Silas.
Damon: Hotter.
Elena: I don't know. Silas was
definitely hot.
Damon: (disgusted) Ugh.
Elena: Qetsiyah. (He winks at her)
Her blood is on Silas' headstone. It's filled with magic.
Damon: Yep! So in Bonnieland, that
means that an island off Nova Scotia is a big magical battery waiting to be
tapped. We just need to remind Bonnie of that.
Elena: (curious) And what reminded
you?
Damon: I was gonna plan a trip
there, change of scenery, you know. There's only so much you can take of Mystic
Falls on repeat.
Kai: (relieved) Oh, thank God. You
two together is still totally revolting to me. Finally, a familiar feeling.
Luke didn't take me over completely.
Jeremy: What the hell's he doing
here?
Kai: (smiles up at him) Hi.

THE WOODS
Caroline: (shoves the shovel into
the ground, while Stefan appears behind her) You know, if you were gonna
creepily stalk me, you could have at least brought a shovel.
Stefan: Nah. I'm not big on digging.
(holds up his hands) Calluses.
Caroline: You bury corpses all the
time.
Stefan: Yeah, but I don't dig them
up. So do you really think that finding a Teddy Bear will make everything right
in the world?
Caroline: You know what? You are
right. This is such a waste of time. I really should be at the dive bar,
picking a fight with a stranger in order to feel pain.
Stefan: Ooh.
Caroline: Look. If you think I'm
insane, I get it. I probably am, but nobody is forcing you to be here.
Stefan: I should probably stay, keep
an eye on you, you know, in case you have a psychotic breakdown.
(She smiles to herself)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE LIVING ROOM
Jeremy: People don't just change
like that.
Damon: People usually don't merge
with their siblings either.
Kai: Uh, for the record, I would
have been fine with any of Luke's qualities, you know, the hair, the whole gay
thing... you know, maybe not the height actually.
Jeremy: You seriously buy this?
Elena: Look. I'm not saying that we
have to like him, but if there's a way for us to tell Bonnie how she can get
out
Jeremy: We should trust a guy that
changed personalities overnight?
Kai: Think of it like Elena in
reverse. (pours himself some alcohol) You know, she was human, pure, dating the
good Salvatore. Then she became an undead blood vacuum, stopped caring about
right and wrong, and started dating the bad one.
Elena: (irritated) It's not how it
happened.
Kai: (takes a sip of his drink) Hmm.
I'm sure I missed a detail or two, but I'm just paraphrasing what Damon told me
in the prison world.
Damon: Speaking of, there's a witch
over there we'd like to save, so why don't you get your Gemini jumper cables
and fix that thing?
Kai: Ok.

LIV'S DORM
(Liv sits on the floor chanting, ignoring Tyler)
Liv: Phasmatos Physium Calva, Phasmatos Physium Calva...
Tyler: What are you doing? Liv. Come
on. Talk to me. What are you doing?
Liv: (stops) When Luke and I were
kids, we used to play hide-and-seek. We figured out a way to cheat by using a
spell to see through each other's eyes. (continues chanting)
Liv: Phasmatos Physium Calva, Phasmatos Physium Calva... (The spell is working)
(Liv can then see though Kai's eyes.
Damon stands infront of Kai)
Damon: Come on, Kai. You done yet?
Liv: The bastard's at the Salvatore
house.
Tyler: Why the hell would he be
there?
Liv: I have no idea. Of course,
Damon would find a reason to work with him.
Tyler: Look, Liv. I know how pissed
you are right now. I get that probably more than anybody,
Liv: but-- but what? I'm just
supposed to live with it, get through it? Something tells me you didn't just
punch a wall after your mom died.
Tyler: Liv, stop! Like it or not,
Kai is your leader. You kill him, your entire coven dies... you, your dad,
Jo...You.
Liv: We're dead anyway. He'll kill
his way through the coven, our friends, the guy at the drive-through who screws
up his order. At least this way, I can take him with me. Wait.
Tyler: I told you that if anybody
tried to hurt you they'd have to get through me first. Well, guess what. That
includes you.
(She kisses him and then starts
whispering)
Liv: Phasmatos Somnus . (Tyler is
quickly unconscious and Liv helps him down on the floor) I'm sorry, Tyler.

DUKE UNIVERSITY, NORTH CAROLINA
(Camera shutter clicks, as Sarah
takes some pictures. She then tries in several attempts to throw her empty
water bottle in the trash, from some distance.
Matt: (smiles) I got it. (walks over
and throws it out for her) I'm guessing you're not here on a basketball
scholarship.
Sarah: That's not a regulation
trashcan. (turns around)
Matt: Hey. I saw your camera. I'm
thinking about buying one. You like it?
Sarah: (turns back to him) It gets
the job done. What kind of photography are you into?
Matt: A little bit of everything.
Sarah: Ok. Well, it has good color
reproduction, nice tonal range. Um, you'll want to shoot raw if you don't want
the highlights to get clipped, and...You have no idea what I'm talking about,
do you?
Matt: No. No, I don't. Sorry.
Sarah: Well, don't feel bad. You
went for it. It's not your fault you with the second most common pickup line
guys use when they see a girl with a camera.
Matt: Oh, yeah? What's the first?
Sarah: The offer to pose for some
very tasteful nudes. Look. I'm really flattered, and I'm sure you're a nice
guy, but...
Matt: No. It's ok. I get it.
Sarah: Good luck with your
photography.
Matt: Thanks.
(Sarah walks away)
Enzo: (appears behind Matt) You
truly have an epic lack of game.
Matt: I tried, ok?
Enzo: Really? Grunting at her would
have been more effective. Now I've got to get you back on track. All right.
Give me your jacket, your wallet, and your cell phone.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE
Kai: So I can't send us back
physically, but I can probably send a part of us back.
Elena: Probably?
Kai: You remember that movie
"Ghost"? Ok. Well, Bonnie's gonna be Demi Moore because she's the
alive one obviously, and, uh, we'll all be a collective Patrick Swayze, the
ghost. By the way, how much does that suck about Patrick Swayze?
Elena: Will she be able to us or not
Kai?
Kai: I don't know. I've never done
this before. (smiles) So let's all just take a deep breath, right, close our
eyes, (Elena, Jeremy, Damon and Kai closes their eyes) and... Phesmatos tribum
invocio caveum, miscero mundio. Phesmatos tribum invocio caveum, miscero
mundio.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE, PRISON WORLD
Damon: What happened to the pool
table?
Elena: (realizing where they are)
Oh, my God.
(They all see Bonnie sit at the
table)
Jeremy: Bonnie? Bonnie! She can't
hear me.
Damon: ( tries to touch something)
And we can't touch anything either. Nice spell, Kai.
Damon on videotape: This place is my
own personal hell.
Bonnie: (smiles) Drama queen.
Damon: (walks towards her) Hey.
Bonnie on videotape: Reporting to
you live from retro world, I'm Bonnie Bennett. Joining us today in the studio
is special guest Damon Salvatore! (Tape stops. she pours herself a glass of
bourbon)
Damon: (shocked) No.
Elena: (looks at him confused) What?
Damon: The bottle of bourbon is the
oldest one in the house. We made a pact if we couldn't take being trapped here
alone for one more day we'd... We'd kill that entire bottle. Then we'd kill
ourselves.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE, THE REAL WORLD
(They all wake up back in the real
world)
Elena: (Gasps) Wait. Wait. What
happened? Why are we back here?
Kai: I don't know. Spell must
require too much magic. I lost my connection.
Damon: Then reconnect.
Kai: It's not that easy. (points to
his nose with blood) You see this blood? I'm guessing that's not a good sign.
Elena: (frustrated) Bonnie is going
to kill herself.
Jeremy: Can she do that? Can she die
in the prison world?
Kai: I couldn't. Of course, it was
my own personal solitary confinement. Didn't want me to end my sentence early
by killing myself. Ooh! I tried every method in the book. Heh. I drove down to
D.C. Because there was this museum that has an actual guillotine.
Jeremy: We get it. For whoever's not
lucky enough to be you, dead means dead.
Elena: We have to stop her. We have
to give her hope, send her a message somehow.
Jeremy: How? She couldn't hear us.
Damon: The message is already there
in the atlas. I scribbled some notes on Nova Scotia. We just have to get her to
see it.
Elena: All right, but how do we open
an atlas if we can't touch anything?
Damon: We need to get Kai to crank
up his witchy-woo, don't we, so we can make physical contact.
Kai: (on the couch) All while
sending the 3 of you back over there? Sure. Yeah. Hey. Why don't I reanimate
your dead parents for a tea party while I'm at it? (changing attitude) Sorry.
Insensitive.
Jeremy: What if you just send me
back?
Elena: What? No.
Kai: That might work. Focus all of
my magic on one person. It might be enough of a boost that you could physically
interact if I can hold the spell.
Damon: And if you cannot?
Kai: The magic overwhelms me, and I
can't pull Jeremy out. He'll be stuck over there for eternity.
Elena: Jer.
Jeremy: Don't. Don't say anything.
If I can get through to her, we save Bonnie's life. If not... At least I'll be
with her when she dies.

THE WOODS
Stefan: (teasing) Hey. Is that an
M&M?
Caroline: (turns towards him
hopeful) Where?
Stefan: (pointing) Right there.
Little to the left, little to the left. Right there, right-- oh, ohh. Sorry. It
was just a leaf.
Caroline: (angry) Is this funny to
you?
Stefan: Well, we are in the middle
of the woods, searching for a Teddy bear buried in a shallow grave by a
9-year-old version of you. I can't even say that with a straight face, so,
yeah, that is funny.
Caroline: You're drunk. Give me
that. (Tries to take his liquor bottle)
Stefan: (pulls it out of her reach)
No, no, no. You have more ground to cover.
Caroline: (annoyed) You're a jerk.
Stefan: Jerk, huh?
Caroline: Yeah.
Stefan: Oh, you sound angry.
Caroline: I'm not angry, ok? I'm
just annoyed because I am going through a highly emotional situation right now,
and you're just sitting there, mocking me.
Stefan: Definitely angry.
Caroline: I'm not angry, ok?
Stefan: Well, you should be. Your
mom is dying, your best friend is stuck in some netherworld, and you're sitting
here trying to make it all better by finding a stuffed animal?
Caroline (pushes him) Shut up!
Stefan: That make you feel better?
Caroline: No.
Stefan: Try again.
Caroline: (pushes him again) Screw
you!
Stefan: That's good. Get it out.
(she beats his leg with the shovel,
causing him to drop down on the ground. She takes his liquor bottle and he then
managed to get her down on the ground as well.)
Caroline: Oof! (Both groaning) I
cannot believe you just did that.
Stefan: Well, you started it. Felt
good, though, didn't it?
Caroline: (smiles to him) Maybe a
little.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE LIVING ROOM
(Kai continues chanting, while he
sweats. Elena and Damon both watch him.
Kai: Phesmatos tribum...
Elena: I didn't know you and Bonnie
had a death pact.
Damon: It was my idea. I thought of
it after we watched "the bodyguard" for the billionth time.
Kai: Phesmatos tribum...
Damon: I never thought she'd go
through with it.
Kai: Invocio caveum...
Damon: I can't watch this. (leaves)
Kai: Phesmatos tribum invocio
caveum, miscero mundio. (Elena follows Damon)

DUKE UNIVERSITY, NORTH CAROLINA
(Matt sits on a bench at a bus stop,
freezing)
Sarah: (walks over to him) Hey,
Ansel Adams.
Matt: I have no idea who that is.
Sarah: Where are you trying to go?
Matt: Virginia. Mystic Falls.
Sarah: Virginia? (points at the bus
stop sign) This is a campus bus. It has, like, 5 stops. The farthest you're
gonna get is the Lenox Hospital.
Matt: Great. My buddy bailed on me,
and my phone and jacket are in his car.
Sarah: This is why I don't visit
animal shelters. Come on. I'll show you where you can catch a real bus.
Matt: Oh, that'd be great. I'm--I'm
freezing out here.
Sarah: There's a cafe on the way.
We'll get a coffee, and you can warm up.
Matt: Too bad my wallet's in my
jacket.
Sarah: How were you planning on
paying for the bus?
Matt (smiles) Charm.
Sarah: (laughs) Yeah. In that case,
I'll buy you a bus ticket to go with that coffee.
Matt: Thank you.
Sarah: Come on.
(he follows her)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; DAMON'S BEDROOM
Damon: (Grabs the oldest bottle of
bourbon) Our suicide bourbon. Bonnie and I made a pact we'd drink this
together. That's what I'm gonna do. (Takes a sip)
Elena: (takes the bottle) To you,
Bonnie. (drinks) Oh! So is Kai right about me? By turning into a vampire, I
completely changed?
Damon: Kai's a psychopath. (pours
himself a drink) Don't let him get in your head.
Elena: I'm not, but do you ever
think about it, like, if I would still be with you if I was human?
Damon: Ok. We're doing this.
Elena: It's just a question, Damon.
Damon: No.
Elena: "No" what?
Damon: No. I don't think we'd be
together if you were still human. You had a choice. You chose Stefan. Human you
was on your way home to him. Car went off the bridge, you turned, and suddenly,
I was back in the picture. (takes a sip)
Elena: I'm gonna go check on Jer.
(She can't leave the room, revealing that they're trapped by a boundary spell)
What's going on?

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE, PRISON WORLD
(Kai has sent Jeremy and himself
back into the prison world)
Jeremy: Ok. 1994. Let's do this.
Kai: Where's the stupid map?
(Jeremy finds the map and can
finally touch it)
Jeremy: It's working.
Kai: Hurry up and find Nova Scotia.
Jeremy: (flips through the atlas)
Nova Scotia. Got it. (He then drops the atlas, since he can't touch it anymore.
No! Kai, do something!
(He discovers that Kai's blouse
starts having blood on it)
Jeremy: Kai? (Jeremy and Kai are
then sent back. Liv drives a fire iron through Kai's stomach.)
Jeremy: No! What are you doing?
(Liv uses her magic to throw Jeremy
and Kai across the room.)
Kai: (laughs) Dang, sis. That was
harsh.
Liv: (angry) Shut up! (she starts
using a pain infliction spell on him)
Kai: Aah! Agh!
Liv: Phasmatos. (Before Liv can do
anything, Kai quickly uses his magic to throw a fork into her throat) aah!
Kai: (stands up and grabs a bottle)
Ha ha. Ha. Ahh. It's all coming back to me, Livvie poo. (she pulls out the
fork) You know, the charge... (he casts the liquid in the bottle out of her)
Liv: Stop it, Kai!
Kai: (continues) That races through
your bones...
Liv: (shouts) Stop it!
Kai: At the prospect of watching
someone burn to death? (throws the glass bottle away and smiles) I really
missed that feeling. (takes a burning candle and walks toward her)
Liv: Just kill me, Kai. You already
killed my best friend. So just do it. Get it over with.
Kai (struggles to kill her) Why
can't I do this? I don't care about you. Why can't I kill you? Come on. Kai, do
it. Do it. (slaps himself on the head repeatedly and shouts) Come onnnnn! Kill
her!
Liv: Motus! (uses magic to throw a
fork into Kai's chest)
Kai: Ugh! (falls to the ground)
(Jeremy grabs a butter knife and
throws it into Liv's shoulder. He quickly takes the ascendant and the fork out
of Kai's chest)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; DAMON'S BEDROOM
(Elena and Damon are still trapped
in Damon's bedroom.)
Damon: What the hell is happening?
(She uses her vamp hearing and hears
Kai groaning)
Elena: Liv is trying to kill Kai.
Damon: (shouts) Jeremy! Jeremy!

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; PRISON WORLD
(Jeremy helps Kai inside the
kitchen. Kai drops down on the floor)
Jeremy: Send me back. (Kai wheezes
wounded) Please
Kai: Jeremy, look at me. I'm
half-dead.
Jeremy: I need to stop Bonnie.
Kai: Ok. Ok. (starts chanting)
Phesmatos tribum invocio caveum, miscero mundio.
(They're sent back to the prison
world. Bonnie still sits at the table drinking the old bourbon)
Bonnie: Cheers to making it this
far. (starts crying) Ok. Think it's time I cut myself off. Agh! (angrily throws
the bottle to the floor. takes the video recorder and leaves the room)
Jeremy: Stay here. (walks after
Bonnie)

THE WOODS
Caroline Well, I think I got all the
catharsis out of this that I'm gonna get. Let's go home. (stands up)
Stefan: All right. Wait a minute.
What is that? (stands up and points)
Caroline: Shut up.
Stefan: No, no, no. I'm serious. Is
that an ear?
Caroline Oh, my God. (walks over and
digs up miss cuddles Cuddles. looks at Stefan and laughs)
Stefan: I'm sure we can clean her
up, make her as good as new.
Caroline: Yeah. Oh, wait. (The bears
head rips off. They both start laughing.)
Stefan: Hey.
Caroline: I'm sorry. (She hugs him
and starts crying)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE
Liv: (searches for Kai around the
house) Kai! Get out here! (pushes a table on the floor)
(Damon and Elena can then hear Liv)
Damon: She's right below us.
Liv: You can't hide from me!
Elena What are you doing?
(Damon kicks the rubble and
makes a hole down to the fireplace. He grabs the old bourbon.
Damon: I said I was saving this for
something special. (Drops the bottle down to the fireplace, which causes huge
flames. Liv is then thrown backwards. Elena walks towards the door and finds
out that the boundary spell is down.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE, PRISON WORLD
(Jeremy follows Bonnie who walks
inside the garage. She closes the door and starts Damon's car engine. She sits
down and coughs.)
Jeremy: (Tries to touch her, but
can't) No! Come on! You don't want to do this. Just turn off the car, Bon. You
can't die.
Bonnie: (starts recording) It's
probably a waste of time even recording anything, but, Damon, Elena, whoever,
you find this and you figure out how to work this stupid thing, please tell
everyone that I'm sorry.
Jeremy: Bonnie.
Bonnie: Tell them that I tried. I
really tried to make it work. Um... (She cries, causing Jeremy to as well) You
know, I just miss too much. I miss saying hi to strangers... ordering dinner in
a restaurant, laughing with my friends... But, um, spending every day here
alone with no one to talk to, going weeks without speaking, it's just the
loneliness. It's--I can't take it. And I only know one way to turn it off. I'm
sorry.
(Jeremy touches her arm.)
Bonnie: Jeremy. I... I hope you're
living your life with no regrets. I hope you fight for the life you want, and
don't ever give up on yourself and stay strong. Something my grams said.
(Coughing) Stay... Strong. (continues coughing, while she struggles to get up.)
Jeremy: Come on, Bonnie. Get up!
Come on.
Bonnie: Gonna stay strong. I'm not
gonna die in this place!
Jeremy: Come on! Get up! (Tries to
open the door)
Bonnie: (Gasps)
Jeremy: Bonnie, get up! (repeatedly
tries to open the door. Open! Come on! Bonnie falls to the ground coughing]
Come on! (finally succees with opening the door)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE KITCHEN
(Elena and Damon rushes into the
kitches and finds Jeremy and Kai.)
Elena: (Sits in front Jeremy) Oh,
Jeremy. Jeremy. Hey, Jeremy. Wake up.
Damon: (Slaps Kai cheeks, trying to
wake him up) Kai, hey! Damn it! (gives Kai his blood and he wakes up)
Elena: Jeremy, wake up. Jer, wake
up. (He opens his eyes) Oh! Jeremy.
Jeremy: I'm ok.
Elena: (worried) Bonnie, is she...
Jeremy: I saw her. Sh-she's gonna be
ok.
(Elena smiles and turns to look
Damon)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; THE LIVING ROOM
(Elena cleans up the broken glass.
Jeremy walkes inside and helps her)
Elena: I might be able to salvage a
piece if you're interested.
Jeremy: I don't think Bonnie would
want us to let cake go to waste. (She takes up miss cuddles) You know, I get
it. I get what she was going through, why she would want to end it, feeling
trapped and alone. Every day is the same-- disappointment, misery. You go to
sleep and wake up and do it all over again? But she's not the only one that's
trapped.
Elena: Jeremy, I know what you've
been going through.
Jeremy: Don't tell me I got to be
strong.
Elena: Actually, I was gonna say
it's ok to move on. Bonnie decided to save herself, and from what you told me,
I think she wants you to do the same. Go to art school. We'll all help you.
Just...just find the life that you want (smiles) and be happy.
Jeremy: What about you?
Elena: I'll be fine. I promise. Just
get out of here... And don't look back.

LIV'S DORM
Liv: (wakes up in her bed and sees
Tyler sit on a chair) How did I get back here?
Tyler: Well, first, I woke up on the
floor. Guess a pillow would have been too much to ask for, and when I figured
out where you'd gone, I raced over to the Salvatore house, only to find you
unconscious. I convinced Elena to give you some of her blood... And now that I
see you're ok, I never want to see you again. (about to leave)
Liv: (Grabs Tyler's arm) Tyler,
wait!
Tyler: (angry) You lied to me.
Liv: No! I never wanted to hurt you!
Tyler: You lied to me!
Liv: Please just calm down.
Tyler: I'm not gonna calm down. I
would have done anything for you, and you chose death over me. (leaves the
room)

DUKE UNIVERSITY, NORTH CAROLINA
(Matt sits back in the car with
Enzo)
Enzo: So? How was your little coffee
date? Heh.(laughs) You fancy her, don't you?
Matt: What was the point of this?
Enzo: You were a test. I wanted to
see what kind of a person the last remaining Salvatore really is. What kind of
person she is? Well, she spurned your comically inept attempts to charm her and
yet proved to be a good Samaritan when you needed assistance. On a scale of
1-10, I'd say her purity ranks about...9.5. When I'm through with her, she'll
be a one.
Matt: So what... you're gonna compel
her to be bad?
Enzo: I'm not gonna compel her. I
want Sarah to know that everything she did was of her own free will.
Matt: (confused) What are you
talking about?
Enzo: I'm going to insinuate myself
into her life, make her do things she'd never dream of doing until she begs me
to make her a vampire. Heh. (laughs) Stefan thought he could protect her. I'm
gonna show him how wrong he is.

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; DAMON'S BEDROOM
(Elena stands in the door to Damon's
bedroom)
Damon: So Jer's applying to art
school. Hmm. (smiles to himself) Might want to compel him a decent portfolio
because he ain't that great.
Elena: Don't be mean. He needs to
move on with his life, and... so do I.
Damon: (worried) I'm not sure I'm a
fan of that transition.
Elena: (walks towards him) Look.
I've... made some huge mistakes in my life. Being with you wasn't one of them,
and, yes, I had Alaric compel away my love for you, and, yes, I did love Stefan
once. The night I died, Matt was driving me back to him, and yet I found my way
back to you. Damon, I somehow always find my way back to you. It doesn't matter
if I have memories or not. It doesn't matter if I'm a vampire or not.
Damon: You're just saying that
because you can't change what you are.
Elena: No, Damon. I don't care what
human me would have done because she's not here. I am. And if the past is a
place without you and me together, then stop living in it.
Damon: Yeah. (Damon kisses Elena and
starts to take off Elena's dress and pushes her onto his bed. Damon caresses
Elena's face and they continue to kiss)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE
(Jeremy sits at a table with the
first-year admissions application to Santa Fe Art School)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE; LIVING ROOM
(Caroline sits in an armchair, while
she sews Miss Cuddles' head on again. Stefan walks over and offers her a drink.
She quickly drinks it all at once and he offers his own glass to her. She
smiles and takes the other glass.)

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE: DAMON'S BEDROOM
(Damon and Elena lie in bed
together. She looks at Damon who is asleep. She takes his arm and pulls it
around her and lays on his chest).

SALVATORE BOARDING HOUSE, PRISON WORLD
(Bonnie drinks a glass of water and
discovers the atlas on the floor. She takes it up and sees the note Damon once
made.)
Bonnie: Nova Scotia? (smiles) Damon, you're a genius.
(She puts her backpack in Damon's car and enter the car, with the atlas in her hands. Takes her sunglasses on and
starts the car. She drives away to find Silas' headstone.)
THE END

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


