


The Killer







Information


season
number




4
5






Navigation


previous
next




The Five
We All Go a Little Mad Sometimes





Contents[show]
 Connor's Trailer 

[Connor enters his trailer. He places Nate's head, which is wrapped in a bloody sheet, on a table.]

 Professor Shane's Office (Past) 

Connor: Do you have any idea what I've been through? I've spent the last two days chained up by an Original vampire.

Prof. Shane: So, you met Klaus? I only know him by reputation. Apparently he's a real monster.

Connor: He's a vampire-werewolf hybrid. Do you know how hard it is to kill them?

Prof. Shane: From what I gather, you have to remove their head or their heart. That is according to lore. I'm just speculating.

Connor: I had to figure out how to do it on my own.

 Connor's Trailer 

[Connor sticks a needle into Nate's gums. He takes out some of his werewolf venom.]

 Professor Shane's Office (Past) 

Connor: I could have used some of this occult Professor knowledge of yours. Then again, you've always been slow when it comes to providing answers.

Prof. Shane: We had a deal. I'll give you answers about your hunter's mark when its grown to completion.

Connor: In other words, kill as many vampires as possible.

Prof. Shane: Come on, Connor, why do you think I sent you to Mystic Falls?

 Connor's Trailer 

[Connor opens up a cupboard. He gathers some weapons and places them in a duffel bag.]

 Professor Shane's Office (Past) 

Prof. Shane: There's no shortage of vampires. That town is practically infested. [pauses briefly] Listen, there's a witch mixed up in all of this. She's important to what I have planned. I want to be kept out of harm's way.

Connor: Anybody gets in my way. Anybody. They're dead.

Prof. Shane: Okay. Sure, I'll occupy her myself. Just do what you do. The less I know about it, the better.

 Mystic Falls Town Square 

[Connor walks across the square with a duffel bag over his shoulder. He stops outside the Mystic Grill.]

 Mystic Grill 

[Jeremy walks into the backroom with a bin of dishes. He places the dishes on various shelves. He suddenly hears a noise and goes to investigate. When he sees that nothing is there, he turns around. Connor is behind him and he puts a knife to Jeremy's throat.]

Connor: Do I have your attention?

[Jeremy nods slowly.]

Connor: Good. Then let's talk about vampires.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena wakes up in her bed. She gets out of bed and goes to her desk. She grabs her diary.]

Elena: [voiceover] Dear diary, I know its been a while. A long while. I haven't needed – I haven't wanted to write this stuff down, but I don't want to say it out loud either. The thing is: I'm a vampire and I hate it.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan is sitting at his desk, writing in his journal.]

Stefan: [voiceover] She's been spiraling since her transition and at times I barely recognize her. But now, for the first time in a while, there's hope.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena sits down on her window seat, opens her diary, and begins to write.]

Elena: [voiceover] I feel hopeless, depressed, angry, but most of all; I'm scared.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan still writes at his desk.]

Stefan: [voiceover] Somewhere in the world, there's a cure for vampires. If I can get it, Elena can be human again. I can give her back her life.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena continues to write in her diary.]

Elena: [voiceover] Part of me just wants to end it, but then I think of Jeremy. I'm all that he has left, so I need to find a way through this. No matter what it takes.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan finishes up writing in his journal.]

Stefan: [voiceover] So, that's what I need to do. No matter what Klaus asks, no matter what lies I have to tell or secrets I have to keep, I'll do it. No matter what it takes.

[Stefan's phone goes off. He checks it. He has received a text from Klaus saying "We have a problem."]

Stefan: [on the phone with Klaus] How the hell did Connor escape?

 Italy 

[Klaus wanders around an excavation dig site as he chats on the phone with Stefan. There are many people helping to dig up the sword, presumably all compelled by Klaus.]

Klaus: I'd blame my numbing incompetence, but pointing fingers isn't going to help me, you're going to help me.

Stefan: Well, he could be anywhere now.

Klaus: Think, Stefan. He took the hybrid's head which means he wants werewolf toxin.

Stefan: Which means he plans to stay in Mystic Falls to kill vampires.

Klaus: Which is a pity, as I'm half the world away digging up a dead hunter, you'll have no access to my blood and therefore, the antidote. Nevertheless, his tattoo is our only map to the cure, so your task is quite simple; find him, catch him, and above all, keep him alive. He's no good to us dead.

Stefan: Damon's been looking everywhere for him, if they cross paths....

Klaus: You'll need to keep Damon in check.

Stefan: Be a lot easier if I could just tell him the truth.

Klaus: You trust Damon with the cure? I imagine he prefers Elena the way she is.

Stefan: Nice try, Klaus. But I trust Damon a hell of a lot more than I trust you.

Klaus: And I trust no one. Which is why my sister is lying daggered in a box. The more who find out about the cure, the more who will go after it. Nations have gone to war over less. You mark my words, tell one soul and I will throw the hunter's sword in the Mediterranean and we can end this quest right now. Am I understood?

[Stefan says nothing and hangs up his phone.]

 Mystic Grill 

[The Grill is closed. Matt is in it alone, getting ready to open it up. He calls Jeremy and leaves him a voice message.]

Matt: Really? Jeremy, you're half an hour late. Get here now.

[He hangs up and starts to put down the chairs from the tabletops. April enters the Grill.]

April: Uh...Matt?

Matt: Uh, hey, April. We don't open until eleven.

April: Oh, sorry, I wasn't like trying to scare you or stalk you or whatever. I just – I came to ask if you've seen Rebekah.

Matt: Why would I have seen Rebekah?

[Out of the backroom, Connor slowly walks out with Jeremy. He still has the knife to Jeremy's throat.]

April: Oh, I just assumed...I mean, aren't you guys kind of like a thing?

Matt: [scoffs and turns around] Rebekah and I are not a thing.

April: [walks closer towards Matt] Well, I – I mean I'm worried about her. She said she'd help me find stuff out about the fire that killed my dad and then she just – disappeared.

[Connor pushes Jeremy into the room. April and Matt turn around, startled. Matt runs in front of April. Connor comes up behind Jeremy again and places the knife back against his throat.]

Connor: Trust me, that's the least of your problems.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena opens her bedroom door. Damon walks into her room.]

Elena: Excuse me? What are you doing?

Damon: Where's Stefan?

Elena: Okay, uh, good morning to you too.

Damon: He's not answering his phone and he's not here, which you know, big deal, we've only got a killer vampire hunter on the loose.

Elena: I haven't talked to him yet today.

Damon: Hmm. [He walks towards Elena and sticks out his hand.] Give me your phone. Maybe he's dodging me.

Elena: [starts digging through her purse for her phone.] Why would he be dodging you?

Damon: Oh, I don't know, maybe the hot, sweaty dance party business. [Elena looks up.] I figured you spilled your guilty, little guts the minute I left last night.

[Elena says nothing and continues to search for her phone.]

Damon: Ohhh, you didn't tell him, did you?

Elena: No, Damon. I didn't tell him that I got high on blood like some crackhead and then dirty danced with you. It was a mistake, okay? I wasn't myself and besides, he's already got enough to deal with trying to get me through this vampire stuff.

[Elena hands Damon her phone. He begins to dial Stefan.]

Damon: No, I see, it's just a classic shame spiral.

Elena: I'm not in a shame spiral.

Damon: Oh, you so are. Newbie vampire remorse? Oof, it's worse than a hangover.

Elena: I'm not in a shame spiral, Damon.

Stefan: [voicemail] Hey it's Stefan, leave a message.

[Damon hangs up. Elena and him both look troubled.]

Damon: So, either he's dodging both of us.

Elena: Or something's wrong.

 Mystic Grill 

Connor: Sit down! [Shouting.] Sit down!

[Connor still has Jeremy in a headlock and walks forward. April and Matt back up and sit down. Connor pushes Jeremy down into a chair next to them.]

Connor: Gilbert, give me your cell phone.

Jeremy: At least let April go. She doesn't have anything to do with this.

Connor: She has everything to do with this. [Jeremy hands Connor his phone.] Her and her father. Plus, she and I have history.

April: What are you talking about? I've never seen you before in my life.

Connor: Well, you kids need to get some vervain. And don't just wear it as a bracelet where anybody can just take it off. [He points at Jeremy's vervain bracelet. Jeremy looks up at him.] Maybe then you'd remember our conversation at the hybrid's yesterday.

Jeremy: Our conversation? Are you saying someone compelled me?!

April: Would someone please tell me what he's talking about?!

Connor: Compulsion, secrets, vampires.

Matt: If you know so much, then you know our friends are going to come for us.

Connor: Oh, yeah, I'm counting on it. Every vampire that comes for you is another one I get to kill. Now, who should I text first? Hm? [Connor looks through Jeremy's phone.] Damon Salvatore, his brother Stefan, Tyler Lockwood? Nah, all of the above.

[Connor sends a text to Tyler, Stefan, and Damon which reads "Hunter at Mystic Grill with hostages. They all die at sundown." He places Jeremy's phone down and stabs it with his hunting knife.]

 Lockwood Mansion 

Damon: So, we each take a different entrance; hit them at the same time.

[Stefan walks in the room. Elena gets up and walks over to him.]

Elena: Stefan!

Damon: Where the hell have you been?

[Stefan reaches his arm out towards Elena. She embraces him and he embraces her back.]

Stefan: Coming up with a plan.

Damon: Yeah, we have a plan. The plan is I'm gonna rip Connor's heart out and I'm going to feed it to him.

Stefan: That's not a plan. We need to be careful. Connor has Jeremy and who knows how many other hostages.

Damon: Hence, the open heart surgery.

Elena: Damon's right. Connor's strong, but he's not going to be able to take all of us.

Tyler: I called in the hybrids to help too.

[Caroline walks in the room.]

Caroline: My mom put squad cars blocking the streets. They're saying it's a faulty gas main. We're good to go.

Damon: Good, great. No cops, no witnesses, no reason to wait around.

Stefan: All right, hold on, you're not all going. [Looks at Caroline and Elena.]

Tyler: He shot me like nine times. If we're killing him, I want in.

Elena: He's got Jeremy. I'm going.

Stefan: Listen, nobody is going anywhere until I figure out what we're walking into.

Damon: Until you figure it out? Is that where you've been all morning? Out buying bossy pants?

Stefan: This guy is known for setting traps, right? We'd be pretty dumb to walk into one, especially if he has werewolf venom.

Elena: Does he?

Stefan: He's had it before.

[Elena appears to be rethinking the plan. Damon is clearly angry.]

Damon: Fine. Fine, if you want to take some time to do recon, you get one hour. But we're gonna need some extra help. So, where the hell's the Wicked Witch of the West?

Caroline: She can't do magic.

Damon: Really? Well, call her, tell her Jeremy's life is in danger; maybe that will bring her out of retirement.

[Damon walks out of the room, hitting Stefan with his shoulder on the way out.]

 Professor Shane's Office 

[Bonnie is sitting at Professor Shane's desk flipping through a book with the title "Book of the Occult".]

Bonnie: I can't believe you wrote a book.

Prof. Shane: I did. I wrote three books actually. Two of them are just too mortifying to display.

Bonnie: Oh, I'm finding them online.

Prof. Shane: [pouring tea] No, no you're not. Hey, come on, you promised, remember? All right? No cell phones and no Internet during witch therapy.

[Professor Shane takes Bonnie's cell phone from her and places down a cup of tea.]

Prof. Shane: Here, this is yours. Right now, I want you to focus and I want your undivided attention.

[He sits across from Bonnie on the other side of the desk.]

Bonnie: You really think you can help me start practicing magic again?

Prof. Shane: Absolutely, I can. I invited you here because I can. But you know what, right now, just relax, drink your tea.

[They remove the lids from their tea.]

Prof. Shane: I got this in Australia when I was backpacking with these Aborigenes spirit guides. Trust me, it's better when you smoke it, but I'm trying to be a role model.

[Bonnie laughs and sips her tea. They both place their mugs down.]

Prof. Shane: Bonnie, listen the thing is what I have in mind might come off as a little unorthodox.

Bonnie: Now I'm officially curious.

Prof. Shane: Good.

[He gets up and grabs a metronome. He places it on the desk. Bonnie stares at it curiously.]

Prof. Shane: What do you know about hypnosis?

[Professor Shane pulls the pendulum and it begins to tick back and forth.]

Bonnie: You really think that would work?

Prof. Shane: You practice witchcraft, but you don't believe in hypnotism?

[Bonnie gives him a strange look. Professor Shane puts his hand to his ear.]

Prof. Shane: Bonnie, listen, you're afraid to practice magic because those witch spirits convinced you it's wrong. They threatened your Grams and they made you feel guilty. [Bonnie places her hand on her ear.] You just have to confront that fear and that guilt and remove it.

[Professor Shane puts his hand down. Bonnie does as well.]

Bonnie: Maybe. I don't think hypnosis would work. Witches are naturally immune to any sort of manipulation.

Prof. Shane: Really?

[Bonnie nods.]

Prof. Shane: Well, let me ask you something. [He looks down at the desk.] Would you like to put that earring back on?

[Bonnie looks down and sees her earring lying on the desk. Professor Shane smiles and sips his tea. Bonnie laughs.]

 Mystic Falls Town Square 

[Klaus and Stefan are on the phone with each other again.]

Klaus: You expect me to care about bloody hostages?

Stefan: [Walking across the Town Square.] Well, you should. Damon does. So does Caroline, Tyler, Elena. If any of them get to Connor, then you just wasted a trip to Italy. I can buy us some time, but Damon's getting antsy. So, if you want Connor alive, you better get your hybrids on board with my plan.

 Alaric's Apartment 

[Elena is up in Alaric's loft, she looks through the blinds at Stefan who is hanging up his phone. Damon is combing through a chest of drawers and takes out some vervain darts and a mini crossbow.]

Elena: Who was he talking to?

Damon: Bonnie, hopefully. Maybe she decided to make herself useful again.

[Damon takes out a large map and spreads it on a table. Elena walks over to him.]

Elena: What is that?

Damon: It's our way in. Courtesy of Alaric Saltzman's interest in the Mystic Falls Underground Railroad.

Elena: The tunnels, like the ones in the Lockwood cellar.

[Damon takes a picture of the map with his phone.]

Damon: Yep.

[Damon put his phone away. Elena's phone starts to ring. She answers it and puts it on speakerphone.]

Elena: What did you find out?

Stefan: I can only make out the voices.

Damon: How many hostages?

Stefan: Three. But Elena, it's Matt and April Young.

Elena: What?!

Damon: Those two idiots, they're like danger magnets.

Elena: We have to get them out of there.

Stefan: I just need a little more time.

Damon: Well, the clock's ticking, brother.

Stefan: You know, I could do without the colored commentary.

[Stefan hangs up.]

Elena: I'm going in these tunnels.

[Elena starts to walk off, but Damon grabs her by the wrist.]

Damon: No, you're not. This guy doesn't know that you're a vampire, let's keep it that way.

Elena: Well, maybe that's it. I can offer to trade myself in exchange for the hostages.

[She tries to leave again, but Damon doesn't let her go.]

Damon: No. Best case scenario is now you're a hostage. Worst case scenario: he figures you out, kills you on the spot.

[Elena releases her wrist from his grasp.]

Elena: Stop treating me like I can't handle myself. Alaric trained me and I've been practicing with Stefan.

[Elena walks towards the door.]

Damon: So what? Now you're gonna take on a professional killer?

[Elena turns and looks at him. Damon rushes and grabs the crossbow off the bed. He points it at Elena.]

Damon: Bang. You're dead. Now what?

[Elena rushes at Damon and knocks the crossbow out of his hand. She grabs it and straddles him on the bed. She points the crossbow at his heart.]

Elena: Head shots no good, it has to be the heart. So, now you're dead.

[Damon smiles.]

Damon: For someone who doesn't want to be like me, you sure are good at it.

[He pushes Elena's hands away, so that the crossbow is no longer pointing at his chest.]

Elena: My brother is the only thing that's holding me together right now, Damon. If anything happens to him...

Damon: We'll get him out. I promise.

 Mystic Grill 

[Connor pours werewolf toxin into a glass jar. He is rigging up a bomb. April, Jeremy, and Matt sit together at a table.]

April: [crying] He's clearly delusional. I mean, right? All this – all this talk about vampires, but I mean, he mentioned my dad.

Matt: Hey, this guy's a nut job, okay? Don't let him get in your head.

April: What if he knows something? Jeremy, did he say anything to you about why he's doing this?

Jeremy: I don't know. Maybe. Maybe I just can't remember.

[Jeremy gets up.]

Matt: Let it go. Jeremy!

[Jeremy walks over to Connor.]

Jeremy: You said we had a conversation yesterday.

Connor: Mm hmm.

Jeremy: About what?

Connor: We'll get into that. First, take a look at my handy work. Pick up some tips from the hunter's trade.

Jeremy: What is all that?

Connor: The fluid is derived from werewolf toxin. Trip the wire, bomb goes off, nails deliver a lethal dose into the bloodstream.

Jeremy: And what's the point? What do you get out of all this?

Connor: You know, I used to think that there was no 'get'; that I was just supposed to do. Kill vampires. That was until I realized that the mark held the answer to why I'm the way I am. The more I kill, the more it grows and once it's complete, I'll know my story and – and all of this will have meant something. [He looks at Matt and April.] Hey! We're gonna have visitors soon, you two get in the back. Get up! [Shouting.] Move!

[April gets up, crying. Matt gets up and grabs April by her shoulders gently.]

Connor: Before you think about any other exits, I got every door rigged. Got it?

[Matt leads April to the back of the Grill.]

 Alaric's Apartment 

[Elena pulls the blinds apart from the window again and looks down at the Grill. Damon walks over to her.]

Damon: Stefan is on his way. This will be over soon.

Elena: Will it? I mean, haven't we already been here before with Jeremy? Isn't this why we sent him to Denver?

Damon: Well, we'll get him out of this and we'll compel him down to the Bahamas. Maybe he'll find an island girl.

[Elena gives him a look. Stefan enters the loft.]

Stefan: Did you find the tunnel map?

Damon: Got it. It was in his weapons drawer with seven stakes, some weird MacGyver crossbow, and the last remaining vervain in Mystic Falls, so how about we get this party started.

Stefan: Not yet. Klaus is sending one of his men. He'll take the front, you and I can take the tunnels.

Damon: Since when did we team up with Klaus and the Lollipop Guild?

Stefan: Well, I already told you, Connor has werewolf venom. We need someone to draw his fire, the hybrids are immune to it so they're our best bets.

Damon: Well, how are you sure that he even has werewolf venom? Why is Klaus involved, Stefan?

[Stefan turns around and picks up a vervain dart.]

Stefan: Stop being paranoid, Damon.

Damon: Start telling the truth, Stefan. Why is Klaus involved? Did he compel you?

Stefan: I am telling you the truth. This is the best way to get everyone out.

Elena: Okay, what is with you two? We're wasting time.

Damon: You know what, she's right. Screw your plan. I'll kill Connor myself.

[Damon and Elena start to walk towards the door. Stefan rushes at Damon and stabs him in the back with the vervain dart.]

Elena: Stefan!

[Damon starts to fade away. Stefan slowly lowers him to the ground. Elena is shocked.]
[Stefan lays Damon on the couch. He takes his phone from inside Damon's jacket pocket.]

Elena: Why are you doing this?

Stefan: Damon had the right idea with the tunnels. [He opens up the picture of the map on Damon's phone.] But, I'm not gonna go in there if I can't count on him to do it my way.

Elena: If you can't count on him? You just vervained him.

Stefan: Do you think he cares about April or Matt? He'll get Jeremy out for you, but then he'll go right after Connor, no matter who gets hurt.

Elena: Then I'm coming with you.

[Stefan walks towards Elena.]

Stefan: You're not coming with me, Elena.

Elena: You need my help, Stefan.

Stefan: What if Connor attacks and you have to defend yourself? And what if you kill him? The guilt will wreck you.

Elena: You don't think that I – I- I'm afraid of that? Of course, I am. Stefan, I'm barely holding it together. If Jeremy gets hurt....

[Stefan grabs Elena's face in his hands.]

Stefan: I'll get Jeremy out, okay? I promise you.

Elena: No.

Stefan: Elena, listen to me, listen to me. [Elena calms down.] This is the most important thing that I have ever asked you to do. I just need you to trust me. Please.

[Elena nods. Stefan kisses her. When Elena opens her eyes after their lips part, Stefan has gone.]

 Lockwood Mansion 

[Tyler is talking to another hybrid.]

Tyler: Look, man, this guy is dangerous. He's highly trained. He's armed.

[Hayley hears the two talking and leans against the doorway of the room.]

Dean: I can handle myself. Besides Klaus asked me personally.

[Caroline walks in front of Hayley's line of vision. Caroline does not see her because she is looking in the room where Dean has just walked off and Tyler follows him.]

Tyler: This is a bad idea.

[Caroline turns around and sees Hayley.]

Caroline: Uh, who are you?

Hayley: Who the hell are you?

Caroline: Caroline.

Hayley: Oh, you're Tyler's girl. He told me about you. I'm Hayley.

Caroline: Well, Hayley, that's pretty crazy, because I haven't heard a thing about you.

Hayley: I've been staying here a few days.

Caroline: Excuse me?

Hayley: I needed a place to crash, Ty's a buddy, he was kind enough to offer.

[Caroline walks towards her, aggressively.]

Caroline: I know all of Ty's buddies and I haven't heard about you. So, how about we cut the crap?

Hayley: Yeah, I don't do teen drama. Take it up with Ty. Excuse me.

[Hayley walks past Caroline. Caroline watches her walk past and scoffs. Hayley enters the room with Dean and Tyler.]

Hayley: Dean, you don't need to do this.

Dean: Stay out of this, Hayley. I'm going.

Tyler: Just listen to her, man. It's suicide.

[Caroline enters the room.]

Tyler: Klaus told you to take Connor on by yourself and you can't even fight back? You have to use non-lethal force. What the hell is that?

Dean: Klaus gave me a direct order.

Hayley: It's too dangerous. That maniac already killed Nate.

Dean: You're not a hybrid, you don't know what it's like. Klaus asks for something, you do it.

[Hayley and Tyler look at each other. Tyler walks over to Dean.]

Tyler: Look, I'm a hybrid. I used to do everything Klaus said, but I don't anymore. You don't have to either.

Dean: You think you can stand up to Klaus? [He hands Tyler his phone.] Prove it.

[Tyler takes the phone.]

Caroline: Tyler, don't.

[He looks at Caroline, and then looks at the phone. He dials Klaus' number and puts the phone to his ear.]
[In Italy, the sword has been successfully excavated. A man holds it up and brushes it off. He hands it off to another man. Klaus answers his phone nearby.]

Klaus: Hello.

Tyler: Hey, Klaus.

Klaus: Tyler! I hope you're not causing problems.

Tyler: I can do whatever I want. I'm not sired to you anymore.

Klaus: Fair enough. Although I do happen to know your little secret about your time in Appalachia. [The man brings the sword over to Klaus and he examines it.] What was your friends' name? Hayley, was it? You probably prefer I kept that to myself.

[Caroline is shocked and hurt by this revelation.]

Klaus: I'm sorry, mate. Are you going to answer or should I just assume you're back to being...how did you phrase it? Ah, yes, my little bitch.

[Tyler hangs up the phone and clears his throat. He hands the phone back to Dean.]

Tyler: Do whatever the hell you want.

[Tyler walks away.]

Hayley: That's it? You just back down?

[Hayley walks after Tyler. Caroline stands in the middle of the room almost in tears.]

 Mystic Grill 

[The phone at the bar rings. Jeremy walks towards it and is about to answer when Connor grabs his wrist. Jeremy pulls his hand away. Connor answers the phone instead.]

Connor: We're closed.

Stefan: I want you to free the hostages.

[Stefan is walking through the woods with a pick ax and shovel in hand near the stairs that descend into the old Lockwood Cellar.]

Connor: I'll free them as soon as you give me what I want. You and everyone like you dead.

Stefan: What? So your hunter's mark can grow? [There is a stunned silence from Connor.] Yeah, I know all about that. What it means, what you are. [He throws down the tools near the steps of the old Lockwood Cellar.] Listen, if you free the hostages then you and I can have a little chat. I'll even tell you about the Brotherhood of the Five.

Connor: [scoffs] That's a weak move. You must be desperate.

Stefan: Think about it, Connor. Klaus saved your life. He needs you alive. Aren't you the least bit curious why?

[Connor slams the phone down on the receiver, breaking it. He shoves the phone off the bar and walks away.]
[Matt and April are in the backroom. Matt looks through the window into the Grill. He quickly moves to a shelf with a tool chest and opens it.]

April: When I was a kid, my dad used to tell me these scary stories about vampires.

[Matt pulls out some tools and moves to another shelf.]

Matt: They're just stories.

[Matt pulls the shelves away from the wall.]

April: Not to that man out there. There's something so familiar about him.

Matt: Look, this is a messed up situation, but the last thing you want to do is buy into that guy's craziness. [He pulls off a panel on the wall.] You're gonna be fine. We're getting out of here.

April: What is that?

Matt: There used to be an exit to the old wine cellar. [He looks inside the hidden room. There are bricks over the old entrance.] They bricked it over.

April: So, that's it then? We're screwed.

Matt: [gets up] No, we're not screwed.

[Matt grabs a nail and places it against the brick floor. He puts a towel over it and starts to hammer away at the nail.]

 Old Lockwood Cellar 

[Stefan is walking through the system of tunnels with a shovel. He hears the noise of Matt's hammer against the bricks. He walks towards the noise.]

 Mystic Grill 

[Outside, Dean approaches the entrance to the Grill. He places his hand up to his ear.]

Dean: There's no sign of anyone.

Klaus: [on the other line] Stefan is coming at him from the other side. He'll free the hostages, your job is to get Connor out alive. And use caution, mate. He favors booby traps and ambushes.

Dean: Understood.

[Inside the Grill, Connor finishes setting up the werewolf venom bomb. Jeremy sees a stake and slowly walks towards it.]

Connor: You may be a potential hunter, but if you make one move, I'll break all twenty seven bones in your hand.

Jeremy: They're not all bad, you know. Some of them, they're my friends.

Connor: Your friends, huh? Yeah, I had a friend like that once. She got turned by this vampire I was hunting. He thought it would be ironic.

Jeremy: What happened to her?

Connor: I didn't want to hurt her. She promised that she would keep it under control, but...a vampire's like a loaded gun. Eventually it's gonna go off. [He shows Jeremy his tattoo.] That's why I got this.

[Jeremy looks down at the piece of his tattoo near the crook of his elbow.]

Jeremy: So, you killed your own friend?!

Connor: Listen, if you're gonna be like me, you need to understand. Vampires kill humans, hunters kill vampires.

[They hear a noise near the front.]

Connor: We've got company.

[Connor turns off the lights and turns on the music very loud. He grabs Jeremy and pushes him down to the floor. Dean opens the front door and carefully inspects the doorway. He looks down and sees a tripwire. He looks right and sees a loaded bomb. He carefully steps over the wire and onto the mat. A light goes off under the mat and the bomb is activated. He closes the door carefully behind him. When he lifts his foot from the mat the bomb goes off. Dean goes flying through the air due to the force of the explosion. Matt and April are still in the back and are startled by the loud noise.]

Matt: Oh my God.

[April starts to back up and runs into Stefan. She turns around and gasps. Stefan covers her mouth and places his finger to his lips, telling her to be quiet. Outside of the backroom, Dean slowly starts to get up. He is covered in nails, blood, and shards of glass. Connor approaches him with a gun. Dean raises his hands in surrender. Connor shoots the gun and blows a hole clean out of Dean's chest. Dean falls to the ground, dead. In the backroom, Stefan hands Damon's phone with the map on it to Matt.]

Stefan: Follow this map, get out of here, take her to Caroline so she can...

Matt: Okay. [Matt takes April and starts to walk away. He stops to speak to Stefan again.] Stefan, that guy is armed. If you go out there, he's gonna kill Jeremy.

Stefan: No one's killing anyone. Go.

[April and Matt go out through the panel in the wall. Stefan walks out of the back room.]
[Back in the front of the Grill, Jeremy walks over to Connor. Connor takes off his jacket and sees that the tattoo is growing. Stefan slowly and quietly comes out from the back. Connor sees him and grabs Jeremy. He points his gun towards Stefan. Stefan superspeeds across the Grill behind the bar and Connor shoots the gun at him multiple times but misses. Stefan ducks down and hides behind the bar. Connor pushes Jeremy aside. Jeremy steps on another mat with a switch that activates another bomb. Connor walks around, keeping the gun pointed to where Stefan is.]

Stefan: Connor, you don't have to do this!

Jeremy: Stefan!

[Stefan hears the noise of the bomb ticking. Jeremy stands completely still as the bombs are right next to him and he's standing on the pressure-sensitive mat that triggers them.]

 Alaric's Apartment 

[Elena is leaving a panicked voicemail for Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan, call me! There was an explosion at the Grill. I need to know what's happening!

[Elena hears Damon groan from the couch. She hangs up her phone and rushes towards Damon.]

Elena: Damon, hey. Can you get up?

Damon: Ohh, where's Stefan? I'm gonna kill him.

[Damon sits up slowly, but is burned by the rays of sunlight coming through the window. He lies back down.]

Damon: Ow! Ow!

Elena: He took your ring? Why would he do that?!

[Damon rolls off the couch and onto the ground. Elena stands up.]

Damon: Because he's playing us. All this stalling, getting hybrids, taking my ring, add it up.

[Damon gets up and sits on the arm of the sofa away from the sunlight.]

Damon: He's either made a deal with Klaus or he's compelled.

Elena: Then I need to get in there.

[Elena starts to leave.]

Damon: No, Elena, this guy is dangerous!

[She turns around.]

Elena: So am I, Damon!

[Damon looks up at her. Elena is extremely angry.]

Damon: Then you need to be smart. He doesn't know you're a vampire. You get as close as you can and you kill him.

 Mystic Grill 

Stefan: Connor, we can end this right now! Just put down the gun and come with me!

Connor: Sure. Come out, I'll hand the gun over.

Stefan: Think about this. No one has to die. I'll tell you everything you need to know!

Connor: [Shouting.] I don't make deals with vampires!!!

Stefan: Listen to me, if you die right now, then your whole life, all that killing; it'll all be for nothing.

[Elena approaches one of the entrances to the Grill. She pushes her hair behind her ear and listens to Stefan talking to Connor.]

Stefan: I can give you the truth. Just put down the gun and let Jeremy go!

[Elena opens the front door and enters the Grill. Connor is still holding the gun towards where Stefan is hiding. He turns his head and sees Elena.]

Elena: Please!

[He points his gun towards Elena.]

Elena: Don't hurt him.

[Connor points the gun on Jeremy.]

Connor: You come any closer, he's dead.

Jeremy: Elena, get out of here!

Elena: He's the only family that I have left. Just – just let him go.

Connor: [To Stefan, shouting.] You hear that? Your girl is watching. I will shoot the boy right in front of her! On the count of three! One! Two!

[Stefan stands up and raises his hands in surrender. Connor points the gun at him instead. Elena rushes at Connor. He shoots his gun and hits Jeremy in the stomach with a bullet. Elena throws Connor to the ground and sits on top of him. She grabs him by the throat and starts choking him. Jeremy is bleeding profusely and clutching his wound. Stefan notices that the bomb is about to go off and he rushes towards Jeremy, grabs him, and throws himself and Jeremy over a table. The bomb explodes. Elena looks up.]

Elena: Jeremy?!

[In her moment of panic, Connor manages to rip her hand off his throat and tosses her to the side. He rolls on top of her and grabs her by the hair. He goes in to stake her, but Elena grabs his wrist and fights back. Stefan rushes at Connor and knocks him off Elena. He kneels down next to Connor, grabs him, and rushes off. Elena breathes heavily and gets up. She looks around the Grill, but doesn't see Connor or Stefan anywhere. Later, Elena is feeding her blood to Jeremy. Elena touches his face and looks down at his wound. She sees and smells the blood and her eyes start to become red with hunger. Her eyes go back to normal and she backs away.]

Elena: I'm sorry – I....

[She turns away.]

Jeremy: Hey, it's okay. You don't have to hide it. I know you're not going to hurt me.

Elena: How did this happen, Jer? Why did Connor come after you?

Jeremy: He said I was like him, because I could see his tattoo.

[Elena turns and faces Jeremy.]

Elena: His what?

Jeremy: His hunter's mark. It's invisible to everyone but me. Stefan and Damon didn't tell you about it?

Elena: [shaking her head] No. Wait – wait, who else knows about this?

Jeremy: Well, that's the thing, I don't even know. Apparently, I was with Connor all day yesterday, but I can't remember. Someone compelled me.

[Elena stands up. She is furious.]

Elena: I think I know who.

 Underground Tunnel 

[Stefan is leading Connor through the tunnel system. He has Connor's arm twisted by his back and pushes him forward. Damon is in the tunnels too.]

Damon: Good work, brother.

Stefan: It's over, Damon. I have him.

Damon: Not after what I just went through. I had to punch through a boiler room basement into a septic tank to get into this stupid tunnel. But it'll be worth it.

Stefan: I'm taking him with me.

Damon: That's the thing, you're not. I don't know what you're up to or what Klaus has over you, but even if I have to go through you, I'm gonna kill him.

[Damon moves closer towards Stefan and Connor.]

Stefan: You better back off, Damon.

Damon: Why? Because Klaus wants him alive?

Stefan: This has nothing to do with Klaus. You're just gonna have to trust me on that.

Damon: I don't want to. I don't have to. Not gonna. Now, give him to me, brother.

Stefan: [to Connor] Run as fast as you can!

[He pushes Connor away. Connor runs off and Stefan rushes at Damon. He pins Damon to a wall.]

Stefan: You're not gonna kill him.

[Damon grabs Stefan and superspeeds around him. He throws him against the wall and grabs him by the shoulders, pinning him.]

Damon: Why are you protecting him?! Tell me.

[Damon stabs his fingers just under Stefan's ribcage and moves his hand towards Stefan's heart. Stefan grabs Damon's wrist and tries to fight back. Damon overcomes Stefan and sticks his hand into his chest. Stefan groans.]

Damon: Tell me.

Stefan: Klaus will kill anyone who knows.

[Damon starts to pull at Stefan's heart. Stefan screams in pain.]

Damon: Then it has to be good. Spill it!

[Damon continues to tear at Stefan's heart.]

Damon: Spill it!

Stefan: Connor's tattoo is the key to a cure.

Damon: A cure for what?

Stefan: For her. For Elena.

Damon: Klaus told you there's a cure for vampirism?

Stefan: Yeah, and if Connor dies then we'll lose it forever. [Damon looks shocked.] I know it's crazy, Damon. But it's hope, do you understand me? It's her only hope.

[Stefan grunts. Damon still has his hand in his chest, but removes it after a couple of seconds. Stefan breathes heavily as Damon still tries to take in the fact that there could be a cure.]
[In another part of the tunnels, Connor is still running, trying to find a way out. He takes a turn and Elena rushes up to him. She grabs him by the throat and bites his neck. Connor screams. Elena pulls away and looks him dead in the eyes.]

Elena: Stay the hell away from my brother!

[She lets go of him and Connor falls down in front of her on his knees.]

Connor: Look at you. So worried about your brother. You're the biggest monster he'll ever meet.

[Connor stakes Elena.]

Elena: You missed.

[Elena snaps Connor's neck. Connor falls to the ground, dead. She breathes heavily as she stares at the first person she's killed.]

 Professor Shane's Office 

[Bonnie and Professor Shane sit across from each other with their eyes closed. Bonnie opens her eyes.]

Bonnie: This isn't working. [Professor Shane opens his eyes.] It's not you, I just – I can't get into hypnosis.

Prof. Shane: Bonnie, what do you think we've been doing for seven hours?

[She looks at the clock behind Professor Shane in shock. He looks back at the clock as well.]

Bonnie: Wow, that's crazy.

Prof. Shane: Look, I'm good at this, okay? Trust me, you're doing a lot better then you were when you came in this morning. Here, you know what. Proof.

[He opens a drawer and pulls out a candle. He sets it in front of her.]

Prof. Shane: I bet that you can light this candle as easily as I can sign my name. All you have to do is want to.

Bonnie: I'm sorry, I just can't.

Prof. Shane: If you can't, it's only because you're afraid. You're afraid of those spirits and what they might do to your Grams. Well, let me tell you something, Bonnie Bennett, you're stronger than they are. You have a power of your own you haven't even approached yet and you don't have to be afraid. Of anyone. Say it. I don't have to be afraid.

Bonnie: I don't have to be afraid.

[She smiles.]

Prof. Shane: Now, close your eyes and mean it.

[Bonnie closes her eyes and concentrates.]

Bonnie: I don't have to be afraid.

[She opens her eyes. The candle in front of her has not been lit.]

Bonnie: Guess it wasn't good enough.

Prof. Shane: Oh, I don't know.

[Professor Shane looks around the room. Bonnie does too. Every other candle in the room has been lit. Bonnie smiles and laughs. She looks back at Professor Shane with a big smile.]

 Old Lockwood Cellar 

[Elena is digging dirt up with a shovel near the steps descending into the cellar. She's making a grave for Connor. As she digs, she cries. The blood from Connor still stains her chin. Stefan and Damon walk over to her.]

Stefan: Elena.

[Elena looks over at them. Stefan approaches her and looks down at Connor's lifeless body and Elena looks as well.]

Elena: I need to bury him. I killed him, I should – I should bury him.

[She continues to dig, while Stefan and Damon look at each other. Stefan walks towards Elena and grabs her gently. Elena pushes him away.]

Stefan: Hey, hey, come on.

Elena: Don't! I heard you talking to him. Making some secret deal with Klaus? You said you were going to protect Jeremy! Keep me from this. You said that I could trust you, Stefan.

[Stefan looks down, ashamed.]

Damon: Elena, it's complicated.

Elena: No, it's not complicated, Damon! You want to know why? Because - because he's dead now. You told me to kill him, so I did.

[Damon looks helpless. Elena starts to cry.]

Elena: I –I killed someone. I – I killed someone.

[Elena cries harder. Damon and Stefan say nothing and just look helplessly at Elena.]

 Lockwood Mansion 

[Hayley and Tyler are holding each other.]

Tyler: I am so sorry.

Hayley: I can't believe Dean's gone. We could have saved him.

[Caroline walks into the room. Tyler and Hayley pull apart and look at her.]

Caroline: I apologize. Am I intruding?

Tyler: Caroline, it's not like that.

Caroline: I keep waiting for you to make up some dumb story so at least I can call you a liar. Is that now?

Hayley: I'll let you two talk.

Caroline: Thank you. How big of you.

[Hayley glances at her and walks out of the room.]

Tyler: You have to understand...

Caroline: No, you don't tell me what I have to do. I went through hell when I thought you died. I cried like an idiot and this whole time you've been keeping a secret from me about falling for some werewolf in the Appalachians!

Tyler: I never fell for her.

Caroline: [scoffs] Oh, please.

Tyler: Caroline, she saved my life. I almost died trying to break the sire bond. Hayley was there for me, she helped me get through it, but nothing else happened.

Caroline: Then, why would Klaus think that?

Tyler: Because I'd rather him think that then know the truth.

[Caroline looks at him, confused.]

Tyler: There are other hybrids that need to be set free. Hayley and I can help them. But if Klaus found out about what we're trying to do, he'd kill us all.

 Mystic Falls Town Square 

[Jeremy is sitting on a bench in the middle of the Town Square. He removes his vervain bracelet and looks at it. Matt and April walk over to him.]

April: Hey Jeremy. Sorry we're so late, we had to take this crazy detour.

Matt: There was a gas leak.

Jeremy: Yeah, I heard about that.

April: Yeah, and we had to stop by Tyler Lockwood's house because we had to see Caroline. We talked to her for a little bit, but now I was thinking maybe we could all go get some coffee. [She looks over at the Mystic Grill.] But the Grill is closed. That's weird.

[Jeremy gets up.]

Jeremy: You know what, it's okay, I, uh, I need to get home anyways. I'm feeling a little over it today.

Matt: I should probably get home too.

April: Oh. All right, then.

[April starts to walk away. Jeremy drops his vervain bracelet on the ground. He picks it up.]

Jeremy: Hey, April!

[April turns around.]

Jeremy: Did you drop this?

April: Oh, that's not mine.

Jeremy: You sure? Hey, let me see your wrist.

[April extends her arm. Jeremy puts the bracelet on her.]

April: Uh, thanks, but...

Matt: I like it. It looks good on you. You should wear it.

April: Okay.

[April walks away. Matt turns to Jeremy.]

Matt: Are you okay?

Jeremy: Yeah.

[They start to walk off together.]

Jeremy: I'm just sick of all the secrets, you know.

Matt: Yeah, tell me about it.

[Jeremy stops and looks down at his hand. Matt stops with him. A hunter tattoo has appeared on Jeremy's hand.]

Jeremy: What?

Matt: What's wrong?

Jeremy: Nothing.

[Matt looks at him strangely and walks off. Jeremy looks down at his hand again. The tattoo is still there.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan walks into his room. Damon is sitting at Stefan's desk, drinking a bourbon and reading his journal.]

Damon: How is she?

Stefan: Angry, full of guilt, hasn't said a word to me other than that she wants to be left alone. Is that my journal?

[Stefan takes the journal off the desk.]

Damon: I had to go through six locks to get it.

[Stefan walks off and puts the journal back on its shelf.]

Damon: I needed something to back up your insanity. You figure out how to tell Klaus you lost a hunter and a hybrid?

Stefan: He's on a plane, which means I get to live for another six hours.

Damon: Well, I got your back, you know, when he comes to murder you.

Stefan: Thanks. Thanks for not saying anything to Elena.

Damon: About what? About the cure we don't have, can't find, and probably doesn't exist? You're welcome.

[Stefan pours himself a drink.]

Stefan: She doesn't need to know that she killed her chance of being human again.

Damon: Alleged chance.

Stefan: I believe him, Damon. You didn't hear Klaus' story. I believed every word he said.

[Damon gets up and pours himself another drink.]

Damon: Well, I'll remain a skeptic for now. So what's your next move?

Stefan: He said there was a Brotherhood of the Five, which means there are other hunters out there and I'm just gonna keep looking until I find one.

Damon: Sure, Stefan, since you asked; I'd be happy to go on a suicide mission with you for a potentially non-existent cure. No problem.

[Stefan laughs.]

Stefan: Yet a couple of hours ago, you were ready to rip my heart out.

Damon: Because you were being a pain in the ass.

[Stefan takes a drink.]

Damon: Tell me one thing. Why do you want to cure her?

Stefan: What kind of question is that?

Damon: A legitimate one. You want to cure her because she's a vampire and she's not cut out to be? Or you can't love her if she is one?

Stefan: I'll always love her. But she's not supposed to be this person. I don't want her to be.

Damon: Well, if I'm gonna ride this fairy tale to its conclusion, I want to be clear about one thing.

Stefan: What's that?

Damon: I'm fine with her either way, brother. So, if I do this, I'm doing it for you.

[Damon takes one last drink, puts his glass down, and walks out of the room. Stefan stands in his room and takes a drink.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is in the shower. Her blood stained clothes lie on the floor. In the shower, she has her head placed against the cool tile. She lifts her hands to her face and sees the blood staining them. She moves towards the water and lets the blood wash off of her.]

Elena: [voiceover] Dear diary, today I did the thing I was most afraid of. I lost control. I killed someone. I used to think the worst feeling in the world was losing someone you loved, but I was wrong.

[Elena is sitting at her desk, writing in her diary.]

Elena: [voiceover] The worst feeling is the moment that you realize that you've lost yourself.

[As Elena continues to write, blood starts dripping down on her hand. She puts down her pen and touches her nose to see if it's bleeding, but it isn't. She looks down at the floor and sees small pools of blood leading to the bathroom. She follows the trail of blood and opens the door to the bathroom. She flips on the lights and sees the bathroom is splattered in blood. She looks at the mirror and sees the word "KILLER" written in blood on the mirror. She gasps and backs up. She slips on some blood and falls to the ground. When she sits up, she sees that the bathroom is spotless without a drop of blood in sight. She stands up and looks in the mirror. The word KILLER is gone. She looks down at her arms and around the room. Elena is terrified of what is happening to her.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


