


Smells Like Teen Spirit







Information


season
number




3
6






Navigation


previous
next




The Reckoning
Ghost World





Contents[show]
 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is wide awake in her bed, her alarm goes off. It's 5:15 a.m. She gets up and looks in the mirror. She looks at the bite mark on her neck and covers it with make up. She goes out of her room and sees Alaric walking slowly downstairs.]

Elena: Good morning.

[He doesn't answer; he seems to have a hangover.]

 Woods 

[Elena's training on one of Alaric's mannequins. He shows her how to stake a vampire with a sleeve and two stakes in it.]

Alaric: So the pressure of your punch ejects the stakes.

Elena: Easy enough.

[She tries but the stakes stay in the sleeve.]

Elena: That's weird.

[She tries again but it doesn't work.]

Elena: Must be jammed or something.

Alaric: You're not strong enough. Better start lifting some weights, put some meat on your bones.

Elena: Thanks for not sugar-coating it.

[He takes something out of his bag and shows it to her.]

Alaric: You know what this is?

Elena: A vervain grenade. I've used one before.

Alaric: Then you know the element of surprise is your only advantage when it comes to a vampire.

[He pulls the pin out of a grenade and throws it in Elena's hand.]

Alaric: Surprise.

Elena: Oh my god.

[She throws it in the air and the grenade explodes.]

Elena: This isn't a joke to me, Ric.

[She angrily pulls off her sleeve.]

Alaric: You think I'm joking? Vampires will take whatever they want. They will hurt whoever they want. And they'll do it without remorse. It's their nature.

Elena: You don't have to use pronouns. You can say Stefan.

Alaric: Look, I get why you're here. Stefan hurt you. You don't want it to happen again.

Elena: But you think that I'm crazy. To believe that I can protect myself from a vampire who's flipped the switch on his humanity.

Alaric: I think you found a way to get out of bed this morning. And that makes you the strongest person I know. I think that you can do pretty much anything.

[He gives her the sleeve with the stakes. She puts the sleeve back on.]

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Elena, Caroline and Bonnie are in front of the school. Elena has a scarf around her neck.]

Caroline: Here we are. Senior year.

Bonnie: Anyone else think it should feel slightly more empowering?

Caroline: Okay. So prank night was a bust. But we are accepting it, and we are moving on.

Bonnie: You're right. I mean, why should I let the fact that my boyfriend is seeing the ghost of his dead girlfriends hinder this experience?

Caroline: Yes! And why should I let the fact that my boyfriend was turned into a hybrid put a damper on an otherwise fabulous day.

Elena: Today's our anniversary. Technically, Stefan and I met on the first day of school last year.

Caroline: Yeah. You win.

Bonnie: Are you sure you want to be here?

Elena: I have to be here. I have to put it behind me. New year. New life.

[Caroline and Bonnie look at each other and follow Elena.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon goes down the stairs. There are two dead girls on the floor at the foot of the stairs. He walks over them and enters the living room and Stefan is there with a few girls. They're playing Twister and there's blood on the Twister mat.]

Stefan: Uh-oh. Alexandra, left hand, please.

[Alexandra gives him her hand and he turns it and bites her wrist.]

Damon: Hey, the two brunettes on the staircase owe me a Persian rug.

Stefan: You mean, they owe us a Persian rug? It's my house, too, brother. Ooh! Would you like a spin?

[Stefan holds up the spinner used in the game.]

Damon: So this is what Klaus had in mind when he compelled you to protect Elena?

Stefan: These ladies are helping me be all that I can be.

[Someone knocks on the door. Damon goes and opens the front door. It's Rebekah. She enters with shopping bags.]

Rebekah: Where's Stefan?

Damon: Who the hell are you?

Rebekah: He left me here. My brother actually left me here.

Stefan: Oh, I'm sorry. Your tone implies that I'm actually supposed to care.

Damon: You're Klaus's sister?

Rebekah: Rebekah. Pleasure, I'm sure. Which one's my room?

Stefan: You're not staying here.

[She then looks at Damon but he doesn't say anything.]

Rebekah: Rude. Both of you. I'll see to it myself.

[She goes toward the stairs.]

Stefan: So I guess she's staying here.

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Jeremy rejoins Bonnie at her locker.]

Jeremy: So, what? It's not cool to talk to juniors anymore?

Bonnie: Hey. Happy first day.

Jeremy: You're mad?

Bonnie: I'm not mad. I'm resigned to the fact I'm sharing space in our relationship with Anna and Vicki.

Jeremy: I haven't talked to Vicki in a while.

Bonnie: That's not the point, Jeremy.

Jeremy: I know that. I know. Okay? But I had to see Anna again, Bonnie. She had information that Damon needed.

Bonnie: I get it, Jeremy. But put yourself in my shoes. You loved both of them. And you guys didn't break up. They died. And you keep letting them back in.

Jeremy: You think I want any of this?

Bonnie: I, um...I think you have the power to decide whether or not you see them. Remember that. Okay?

[She leaves.]
[Outside, Matt parks his pickup truck in the parking lot. Vicki appears next to him.]

Vicki: You were always so much better at being a part of this than I was.

[Matt looks at her, surprised.]

Vicki: Sorry.

Matt: You can't just keep appearing like this. Freaks me out.

Vicki: I'm a ghost. It's all I got. And I couldn't appear if you weren't thinking about me.

Matt: Well, I was just thinking about our first day last year. I was worried about running into Elena and you said...

Vicki: Suck it up, be a man, and show her what she's missing.

Matt: Yeah. Instead, she met a vampire.

Vicki: You okay, Matty? You seem unhappy.

Matt: Yeah, I just, life stuff. You know, with you gone and mom not around, it's...A lot to deal with alone. I'm glad I get to talk to you, though. I miss you.

Vicki: I miss you, too. What if I told you there was a way that you could help me come back?

Matt: What do you mean come back?

[Tyler drums his hands on the windshield. Vicki disappears.]

Tyler: Donovan! What are you doing? Come on, man. Let's go!

[Matt gets out of his pickup truck.]

Tyler: You talking to yourself?

Matt: What's got you in such a good mood?

Tyler: We're seniors, man. Life is good.

 Pickett Mausoleum 

[Katherine is dangling a live mouse by its tail above Mikael, who is still asleep.]

Katherine: Come on, Mikael, breakfast.

[Her phone rings.]

Katherine: Mm, yummy. Mikael, wake up!

[She answers. It's Damon.]

Katherine: What?

Damon: What? What do you mean, "what"? I've been calling you for two days.

Katherine: Odd, that's exactly how long I've been ignoring you.

Damon: Jeremy Gilbert told me that you found Mikael.

Katherine: Sort of. He's a little bit out of commission. He won't eat.

[She tosses the mouse onto Mikael's chest.]

Katherine: And I've tried everything...Gravediggers, mourners, mice, rats, bats. He's just not interested.

Damon: Well, try harder. We need him to kill Klaus so I can de-rippefy Stefan before he destroys my house.

[Katherine looks out of the crypt door window and sees a man visiting a grave in the distance.]

Katherine: Fine. I'll give it another shot.

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Elena's phone rings, she answers, it's Damon.]

Elena: Hey. Are you checking up on me? Because I'm fine.

Damon: Yeah. So...You might not want to come here for a while. We have a new housemate. Barbie Klaus.

Elena: Rebekah? She's living with you now? Why?

Damon: She's stranded. Apparently Klaus left her in the dust after I name-dropped Mikael.

Elena: What about Stefan? What is he up to?

Damon: Oh, you know Stefan. Journaling, reading, shaping his hair.

Elena: Come on, Damon. I can handle it. What?

Damon: Is that the bell? Oh...Ring! Ring! Don't want to be late!

[He hangs up.]
[Caroline puts up a flyer on the wall which says "Spirit Squad Back-to-school Bonfire"..]

Elena: I forgot about the bonfire.

Caroline: You have to go. It's our first spirit squad event. And it sets the bar for the whole year.

Elena: Relax, Caroline. I'll be there.

Caroline: Thank you. It's just that...

[Tyler suddenly arrives and kisses Caroline.]

Tyler: Happy first day!

[Elena looks at his shirt and sees something red.]

Elena: Is that blood?

Caroline: Oh my God!

[Caroline grabs Tyler they go into the boys' restroom. Elena follows them in.]

Tyler: What's going on?!

Caroline: Vampire 101...don't wear your breakfast to school!

[Elena checks out the stalls to make sure no one is there.]

Tyler: Chill out. It was just a blood bag.

Caroline: From where?

Tyler: Rebekah hooked me up.

Caroline: Rebekah? And what are you even talking to her for?

Tyler: Klaus told her to keep a watch on me. Protect his new asset.

Caroline: His what? Why are you amused by this?

Tyler: I'm his first successful hybrid, Caroline. Don't you think that's the tiniest bit awesome?

Caroline: Oh, wow! I cannot believe you just said that.

Elena: So, I'm going to go. Good luck.

[She hands Tyler some paper towels and leaves. Outside the restroom Elena runs into Stefan.]

Stefan: Hello, Elena.

Elena: What are you doing here?

Stefan: What do you mean? I'm going back to school. Go Timberwolves!

Elena: What? Why?

Stefan: Klaus wants me to keep an eye on you. I'm just doing what I'm told.

Elena: I'm going to be late for class.

[She tries to leave but he grabs her by the arm and stops her.]

Stefan: Oh, class is this way.

Elena: Let go of me, Stefan.

Stefan: Elena, do you think I want to be a senior for the 100th time? No. But if I don't have a choice in the matter, then neither do you.

Elena: I said let go of me.

[Alaric walks up behind Elena.]

Alaric: Let her go.

[Stefan pushes him against the locker.]

Elena: Stefan, stop it!

Stefan: You're not gonna want to get in my way. Okay Ric? I will see you both in history.

[He leaves.]
[Before history class, Alaric and Elena are alone in his classroom.]

Alaric: What the hell is he doing here?

Elena: Klaus compelled him to watch over me. Apparently I'm one of Klaus's assets now that my blood is the only way to create a hybrid.

Alaric: Now he's a bodyguard?

Elena: I don't know what he is. But he's definitely not Stefan.

[The school bell rings and some students enter. Elena lowers her voice.]

Elena: Look, his being here is not good for any of us. We have to do something.

[The students enter the classroom. Elena goes to her chair. Caroline sits next to her and a guy sits on the other side but Stefan enters and goes toward him.]

Stefan: You're in my seat.

[He smiles at Elena and sits next to her. Caroline looks at him.]

Stefan (to Elena): Hey you!

[Alaric has written "AP AMERICAN HISTORY" on the blackboard in chalk.]

Alaric: Welcome back, seniors. Let's turn our brains back on, starting with this country's original founders...the Native Americans.

[Rebekah enters the classroom.]

Rebekah: What about the Vikings?

[She takes a seat at a desk. Tyler, Caroline and Elena look at her.]

Alaric: There's no evidence that Viking explorers actually settled in the United States. Who are you?

Rebekah: My name's Rebekah. I'm new. And history's my favorite subject.

[Outside, Matt walks alone in the stoner pit. Vicki appears and walks up to him.]

Vicki: You have got no business in the stoner pit.

Matt: Figured you'd feel comfortable here.

Vicki: Touché.

Matt: So what do you mean that I can help you come back?

Vicki: Right now, I can only come back when you're thinking of me. But there is a way that I can be free of that.

Matt: How?

Vicki: I know this sounds crazy but I have help from the other side.

Matt: The other side?

[Jeremy appears at a door but doesn't seem to see Vicki. He walks over to Matt.]

Jeremy: Dude, what are you doing over here?

Matt: I could ask you the same question.

Jeremy: Just looking for my stoner lab partner. All right, see you around.

[He leaves. Matt looks at Vicki.]

Matt: Can he not see you anymore?

[Jeremy is in the restroom with Anna.]

Jeremy: He was talking to Vicki right out there in the open.

Anna: How?

Jeremy: When he died and came back, he must have started seeing her. She said that she could come back, that she had help on the other side.

Anna: Help? What kind of help?

[Outside, Matt is still talking to Vicki.]

Matt: Who's helping you?

Vicki: The witch I've been talking to says that there's a ritual. She can do magic from my side to push me over to yours.

[Jeremy is still talking to Anna.]

Jeremy: Is it even possible? Could she come back?

Anna: I guess if she had a stronger foothold.

Jeremy: Like an anchor?

Anna: Exactly. Right now, I'm tethered to you. My only access point to your side is through you. But if she were to get a stronger foothold.

[Matt is still with Vicki.]

Vicki: I'll be able to come and go as I please...When I want, where I want. I won't have to rely on you.

Matt: But you'll still be a ghost, Vicki.

Vicki: In a town full of vampires, werewolves, and witches, I'll fit right in.

Matt: Seriously. You're going to make jokes about this?

Vicki: Matt! Relax. No one else will be able to see me.

[Jeremy is still with Anna.]

Anna: She's bad news, Jeremy. There's nothing but darkness around her.

Jeremy: This is Vicki we're talking about. All right? She's not a bad person.

Anna: You can't upset the balance of nature without a price. If she's using a witch's energy from the other side, you don't know what price she's going to pay.

[Matt is still with Vicki.]

Vicki: I can be a part of this life again, Matt. Instead of being on the other side all alone. You won't have to be alone anymore either.

[A tear falls onto Vicki's cheek.]

Matt: What do I have to do?

[On the football field practice is underway and cheerleaders are practicing on the side of the pitch.]

Cheerleader: Has anybody seen Dana?

[Rebekah arrives.]

Rebekah: Sounds like you have an opening on the squad.

Caroline: What are you doing?

[Rebekah stretches but Caroline is still standing next to her.]

Caroline: Hey. Hey. You can't just come here and infiltrate all of our lives.

Rebekah: I'm only interested in yours. Your spunk, your popularity.

[She looks at Tyler practicing on the field.]

Rebekah: Maybe even your boyfriend.

Coach: It's not the ballet, ladies. Let's move! Let's move!

[Tyler stops.]

Tyler: I think we're done here, coach.

Coach: Did you have a mental breakdown, Lockwood? Get back in line.

Tyler: I have a better idea.

[He walks over and compels him.]

Tyler: Shut the hell up so we can go get drunk at the bonfire.

Coach: Hit the showers, gentlemen.

[Caroline joins Tyler.]

Caroline: Try to be a little more subtle, Tyler.

Tyler: Coming from the queen of subtlety? Relax. I'm in total control.

Caroline: Then why are you acting like this?

Tyler: Drop it, Caroline. I'm fine. I've never been better. Klaus has given me this...gift.

Caroline: What?!

[Some boys in the team talk about Rebekah. Tyler and Caroline turn their head. Rebekah makes impressive gymnastic moves that end with a front split. She looks at Caroline and Tyler with a smile.]

Caroline: My God!

Tyler: Damn, girl's got moves.

[Elena is running on the running track. Stefan runs up alongside her and runs with her.]

Stefan: Look at you being all fit. Hey, you going to the bonfire tonight? Sounds like fun, right?

Elena: Seriously, Stefan, leave me alone.

[She turns around and runs in the opposite direction but he stops and runs backwards with her.]

Stefan: You think I'm annoying now? Wait till homecoming. Hey, who you bringing, by the way? I don't want to be weird.

[A guy bumps into Elena accidentally.]

Guy: I'm sorry.

[Stefan pushes him and he falls on his back.]

Stefan: Watch it, dick!

Elena: Who are you?!

Stefan: I'm the guy who's been assigned to protect a human blood bag. I mean, no offense or anything.

[She leaves.]

Stefan: What?!

 Pickett Mausoleum 

[Katherine is holding the body of the man above Mikael. A few drops of blood fall in Mikael's mouth. He wakes up and his face become normal again.]

Mikael: No! Get it away!

Katherine: You need blood.

Mikael: Get it away from me!

[She throws the body aside.]

Katherine: Happy?

Mikael: Thank you.

Katherine: I remember you. Chicago, 1920s. You were looking for Klaus.

[He closes his eyes again.]

Katherine: You're not so scary for a...badass vampire vampire Hunter.

 Room 

[Elena is lifting weights on an incline bench. Damon walks in.]

Damon: What? Are you going to bench press a vampire?

Elena: Do you actually know what's happening right now? Stefan called me a human blood bag. He's a completely different person.

[He presses down on the bar she's lifting with one hand. She tries to push it up.]

Elena: Unh! What are you doing?

Damon: Helping you out.

Elena: Damon!

Damon: Come on, Buffy!

Elena: Stop it!

[Elena lets go of the bar. The bar remains mid-air held by Damon, who lifts it and places it on the rack.]

Elena: Like one obnoxious Salvatore isn't bad enough.

[She sits down.]

Damon: You called. I'm here. What's your plan, oh warrior princess?

Elena: I want to lock Stefan up, at least until this Mikael guy comes, kills Klaus, and the compulsion breaks.

Damon: Compulsion or not, Stefan's high on human blood, Okay? A lot of it.

Elena: You've gotten him off of it before.

Damon: This is different. It's not a stint in rehab, Elena. His humanity's gone. Light's out. No one's home.

Elena: Then do it for me, Damon. Every single time I look at him, I feel like I'm going to break. And I'm not going to give him that satisfaction.

[She gets up. He takes her hand and puts it on his chest.]

Elena: What are you doing?

Damon: Feel that? It's a sternum. Solid plate of bone.

[He pulls and spins her round so she's in front with her back to his chest. He puts his fingers on her back.]

Damon: Right here, just below the ribcage, next to the spine, that's your way to a vampire's heart.

[He removes his fingers.]

Damon: I'll do whatever it is you need me to do, Elena.

[She looks at him.]

Damon: No one going to hurt you. Especially not my brother.

 Mystic Falls High School 

[It's nighttime. Alaric, Damon, Elena and Caroline are in Alaric's classroom.]

Elena: I'll lure Stefan away from the bonfire. Then when he's distracted...

Alaric: I'll shoot him.

Damon: Can't Bonnie just ju-ju him or something?

Elena: I'm trying to keep Bonnie out of this. I don't trust that Stefan won't hurt her. Caroline, are you covered?

Caroline: Yes! I will make sure that the old Forbes jail cell is prepped and ready.

Damon: We're forgetting a key player here. Rebekah? Wherever Stefan goes, the blonde ponytail tends to follow.

Elena: Which is why it's your job to keep her away.

Damon: How?! She's an Original. Last time I checked, we're out of daggers.

Elena: So then preoccupy her with your charm.

Alaric: Might have better luck finding the dagger.

Damon: Are you ever not going to be mad at me for a day?

Alaric: Doubtful.

[Tyler walks in.]

Tyler: Sorry I'm late. What's going on?

Elena: We need you to raid your mom's vervain supply. Enough to keep Stefan down for a while.

Tyler: You can't do that to Stefan.

Caroline: Why not?

Elena: Trust me, Tyler, it's in his best interest.

Tyler: Yeah. It's not in Klaus's.

Caroline: But Klaus is the bad guy, Tyler. You know, why are you acting like some freaky, hybrid, slave minion.

Damon: Uh-oh.

[Damon looks suspiciously at Tyler.]

Alaric: What?

Tyler: Klaus made me who I am, Caroline. I owe him everything.

Damon: Oh, boy.

Caroline: Okay, can we cool it on the commentary, please.

Elena: What is going on?

[Damon takes a vervain dart off the teacher's desk.]

Tyler: I'm just going to go.

[Tyler turns around and starts walking to the door. Damon rushes over behind him and injects him with the vervain dart. Tyler collapses.]

Caroline: What are you doing?!

Damon: He's been sired.

Alaric: What?

Damon: Sired. He feels loyal to Klaus because Klaus's blood created him.

Elena: Loyal how?

Damon: He'll seek acceptance from his master. It's really rare. But maybe not so much in hybrids.

Caroline: So how do I fix him?

Damon: Get a new boyfriend.

[Outside, Rebekah is at the bonfire. She tries to pours herself some beer. Stefan walks over to her.]

Stefan: You all right there?

Rebekah: I thought Tyler would be here.

Stefan: You're into Tyler now? That's kind of fickle.

Rebekah: When you're willing to give me the time of day again, then we'll talk. Until then, a girl has needs.

[Elena arrives and pours herself some beer.]

Elena: Excuse me.

Stefan: Elena, hi. What are you doing?

Elena: I'm having fun, Stefan. You have a problem with that?

[She drinks the whole glass of beer.]

Stefan: All right, take it easy. We both know you're kind of a lightweight.

Elena: Uh-huh. Really? You think I'm going to let a blood addict tell me how to drink?

[She leaves. Rebekah looks at Stefan.]

 Donovan Residence 

[Matt and Vicki are in the garage. There are candles and Matt takes a picture and lays it face up in front of the candles. He takes a knife from his pocket and cuts the palm of his hand above the picture.]

Vicki: Concentrate on me, Matty.

[He cuts his hand.]

Matt: This is too weird.

Vicki: Just focus. This is a good thing.

[He tilts his hand so the blood drips on the picture.]

Vicki: Now say you accept me.

Matt: I accept you.

[There's wind and the candles burn brighter. Smoke escapes from the picture. Everything finally become normal. The door closes. Matt is afraid and walks backwards and bumps into Vicki. She steadies him.]

Vicki: Did you just...?

Matt: I felt that.

[She touches his face.]

Matt: I feel that, too.

Vicki: It worked. Oh!

[He embraces her.]

Vicki: I'm here, Matty!

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Bonnie and Jeremy are walking alone in the hallway.]

Bonnie: Did you talk to Anna about this?

Jeremy: She's on the other side, Bonnie. Okay. I thought she might know something.

Bonnie: About what? I thought they were all alone over there.

Jeremy: Somehow Vicki's been communicating with some super strong witch.

Bonnie: If there's another witch involved, don't you think you should have come to me before you went to Anna?

[Anna appears next to Jeremy.]

Anna: Tell her not to be upset. I was just trying to help.

Jeremy: Not now, Anna.

Bonnie: She's here?

Jeremy: She's just trying to help.

Bonnie: I can't...I can't deal with this right now.

Jeremy: Bonnie!

Bonnie: Matt's trying to resurrect his dead sister. I think I'll go deal with that instead.

[She leaves.]

 Donovan Residence 

[Vicki holds her hand above the candles.]

Vicki: Ah, I can feel this. I can feel everything.

Matt: The witch didn't mention this part?

Vicki: Makes sense. Our deal was that she'd help me do what I need to do.

Matt: What are you talking about? What deal, Vic?

Vicki: Well, if I want to stay here, I have to help her restore the balance.

[She turns around with a wrench in her hands.]

Vicki: Klaus's hybrids can't be allowed to survive.

Matt: You can't kill Tyler, Vicki.

Vicki: Not Tyler, Matt. It's Elena who's the key to creating the hybrids.

Matt: What? Vicki, no!

[She hits him in the face with the wrench and knocks him out.]

Vicki: I'm sorry, Matty. But I want to stay.

[She drops the wrench next to him and leaves.]

 Mystic Falls High School 

[It's the bonfire. Students are holding up a guy by his legs, so he can do a keg stand. Everyone chants "drink", including Elena, whose laughing. She stops smiling when she notices Stefan leaning against a tree near the students, looking at her. She looks at him and raises her glass and drinks. Stefan drinks too.]
[Rebekah is sitting near a campfire holding a marshmallow over the it on a stick. Damon comes and sits down next to her.]

Rebekah: What? No friends your own age?

Damon: Like you can talk.

[She brings the burning marshmallow to her mouth and blows it out. It's burnt.]

Rebekah: Is this supposed to be fun? I've been through 10 of these.

Damon: No, you're just looking at it all wrong. This is a little rough on the outside.

[He pulls off the burnt outer layer of the marshmallow.]

Damon: But the inside...Yum.

[He moves the stick and puts the marshmallow in her mouth. She eats it and looks at him. He licks his fingers.]

Rebekah: Mmm. It's good.

Damon: Yep.

[Elena is looking at them from a distance. Stefan walks up behind her her.]

Stefan: What's that look?

[She sighs.]

Elena: What look?

Stefan: My brother's got his flirt on, and you're jealous.

Elena: I'm not jealous.

Stefan: It's all right. Be jealous by all means. I'm sure Damon will be thrilled.

Elena: I'm not jealous, Stefan.

Stefan: All right. That's my mistake.

Elena: Whatever. I'm out of here.

[She finishes her drink and leaves. Stefan leaves too.]
[Bonnie is on the phone with Matt.]

Bonnie: Matt! Matt, slow down. What happened?

Matt: I messed up, Bonnie.

Bonnie: What? How? Where is she?

[A guy is sitting on a car and smoking a joint. He puts it down on the windshield wiper and leaves. Vicki arrives, looks around her and takes the joint.]
[Damon is still with Rebekah. He gives her a marshmallow sandwich.]

Damon: Can't believe you've never had one of these before.

Rebekah: Well, I've been in a casket for ninety years.

Damon: That's no excuse.

[She eats.]

Rebekah: Why are you being so nice to me? You hate me. You should be mean.

Damon: Well, I could be mean if that's what you're into.

[She stands up.]

Rebekah: You're distracting me. Why?

[He stands up too.]

Damon: Just trying to be a good housemate.

Rebekah: There's never a fair fight between us, Damon. Remember that.

[She stabs him with a wooden stick and leaves. He groans, sits down and removes it.]

 Lockwood Mansion 

[Tyler wakes up lying on a couch. Caroline's in a chair opposite him.]

Tyler: What the hell? How did I get home?

Caroline: I brought you here. You were being a d-bag.

Tyler: What is your problem today?

Caroline: My problem is you've been sired. Do you even know what that means? It means that you put Klaus's needs first. He is your master now.

Tyler: I'm not anyone's pet, Caroline. He doesn't control me.

Caroline: Well, something's got to be controlling you. Because I don't know why else you'd be acting like the old you.

Tyler: The old me?

Caroline: Yeah. The old you. The pre-werewolf you. You know, the obnoxious you that I would never be friends with.

[She leaves but he stops her.]

Tyler: Whoa! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm sorry. I don't want to be that guy. I hated that guy.

Caroline: You're a vampire now, Tyler. Everything about your personality is heightened. So you have to be careful.

Tyler: I will. I promise. Just...Don't hate me. Everything I like about me is you.

[They kiss.]

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Elena is lying on the bleachers and looking at the sky. Stefan arrives. She's drunk.]

Elena: I used to know every constellation. How did I forget them all?

Stefan: You're drunk. You need to go home.

[She gets up.]

Elena: Fine. Unh. Let me find my car.

Stefan: You're joking, right?

Elena: Uh-oh. It's the fun police. I thought that ripper Stefan was supposed to be the life of the party.

Stefan: Well, all right, I'm driving you home. Come on.

[She climbs over the railing.]

Stefan: What are you, five? Get down.

Elena: Why? Are you afraid that I'm going to...

[She pretends to almost fall.]

Elena: Oh. Ha. That was close. Klaus would not be happy with you.

Stefan: You're hilarious.

Elena: Look, Stefan, no hands.

[She removes her hands and starts falling back but catches the railing just in time. Stefan's not amused anymore. She laughs but finally falls. She screams but Stefan rushes beneath her and catches her.]

Elena: I knew you'd catch me.

[They look at each other. He releases her gently. Suddenly two projectiles hit Stefan in the back. Elena looks over Stefan's shoulder and sees Alaric pointing a vervain dart gun at him. Stefan falls on the ground unconscious. Alaric walks over to Elena.]

Alaric: You okay?

Elena: Yeah. I'm...Fine.

Alaric: You look, uh, not sober.

Elena: The plan worked. That's all that matters. Let's just get him out of here.

[Elena opens Alaric's trunk. He puts Stefan in it. Elena goes in the car. Vicki, whose smoking looks at them. She looks at the floor and blows the joint.]
[Matt and Bonnie are in a classroom.]

Matt: I'm so sorry. I didn't think she'd do something like this. I trusted her.

Bonnie: You need to tell me exactly what you did to let Vicki out. So I know exactly how to send her back.

[Alaric closes the trunk and as he's walking around the side of the car his foot hits a gas can on the ground.]

Alaric: I see all the geniuses came out to the bonfire tonight.

[Vicki throws the joint on the ground. Gas on the ground starts burning and the flames make toward the car. Alaric's car burns too, with Elena in it. Alaric tries to open the door but he can't.]

Alaric: Elena! Elena! Open the door!

[She tries but it won't open.]

Elena: I can't! It won't open! What the hell?

[Vicki appears in the car seat next to her but she can't see her.]
[Alaric rushes to another car to try to find something. He find a lacrosse stick.]

Vicki: I'm sorry, Elena.

[Alaric returns and tries to break the door window with it but it doesn't work. Elena tries to break it with her feet but it doesn't work either. The fire is stronger.]
[Matt lights a candle. Bonnie looks at a grimoire.]

Bonnie: I found a spell that can block whatever magic is helping Vicki.

Matt: What do I do?

Bonnie: Give me your hand.

[He holds out his hand with the cut wound from earlier. She looks at it and takes his other hand and cuts the palm with a knife.]
[Elena coughs because she can't breathe. She turns her head and sees Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan!

[He wakes up just as Elena almost collapses. He breaks the trunk with his feet.]
[Bonnie casts a spell.]
[Elena starts moving to the back of the car with Stefan and tries to gets out. Vicki tries to grab her but she can't.]
[Suddenly she appears in the classroom with Bonnie and Matt.]

Vicki: What is she doing?

Matt: Fixing my mistake.

Vicki: Make her stop.

Matt: Bonnie...

Bonnie: The spell is working, Matt. She's still here because of you.

[She continues to cast a spell. Matt looks at Vicki.]

Vicki: Matt, please.

[He stands up and faces Vicki with tears in his eyes.]

Matt: I can't let you hurt anyone, Vicki.

Vicki: I won't. I'll stop. Just, please, don't make me go.

Matt: I have to. This is wrong. You shouldn't be here.

Vicki: I'm sorry. I just didn't want to be alone anymore.

Matt: Neither did I. But I have to let you go.

[The candles burn brighter as Bonnie continues her spell.]

Matt: Goodbye, Vick.

[She disappears as Bonnie finishes her spell. The room is silent.]

Matt: She's gone.

[Alaric helps Elena to get out.]

Alaric: Hurry up before it blows!

Elena: Wait! Wait, wait, wait!

[She grabs Stefan. Alaric helps her get him out. They rush away from the car. The car explodes.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Elena and Damon are in his bedroom. She has a small burn mark on the cheek. He has a tube of cream on his hand and wants to treat her.]

Elena: Give it to me. I can do it.

Damon: No, let me.

Elena: Damon, come on.

Damon: Elena, you almost got barbecued. The least I can do is apply first aid.

[He applies the cream on her wound with a swab.]

Elena: You played your part of the plan really well tonight.

Damon: Oh, yeah?

Elena: You had Rebekah drooling all over you and your marshmallows.

Damon: Yeah, before she skewered me. I thought you were too drunk to notice.

Elena: I was faking most of it.

Damon: So was I.

[They look at each other. Alaric arrives.]

Alaric: Ready to get going, Elena?

Damon: Great work tonight, Ric. Sorry about the car, man. Bummer.

[Elena looks at Damon and leaves with Alaric.]

 Lockwood Mansion 

[Caroline puts her dress. Tyler is naked and ties a sheet around his waist.]

Tyler: You're always running out on me.

Caroline: You have to earn the overnighter.

Tyler: I consider that a challenge.

[She laughs and puts on her jacket.]

Caroline: Bye.

Tyler: Bye.

[They kiss. She leaves. Rebekah appears.]

Tyler: What are you doing here?

Rebekah: I have something for you.

Tyler: What?

Rebekah: A little present.

[She leaves and reappears with a girl, with a wound on her neck. Rebekah rubs her fingers on the wound then licks them.]

Tyler: You should go.

Rebekah: You sure? I think my brother would want his hybrid to indulge in everything life has to offer.

[She raises and bites the girl's wrist. Tyler rushes over to the girl and bites her neck.]

 Pickett Mausoleum 

[Katherine is lighting candles. Mikael wakes up in the tomb.]

Mikael: I apologize for my outburst. It would have made more sense had you known that I've been denying myself human blood for as long as I can remember. Why is it that you awoke me?

Katherine: I thought you might know how to kill Klaus. But something tells me that I've been sorely misinformed.

[He wriggles his chains.]

Mikael: Would you mind helping me with these? I can assure you there's no way I can kill Klaus from beneath them.

Katherine: Does that you mean you do know how to kill him?

Mikael: I can kill Klaus. And I will.

[She breaks his chains.]

Mikael: Thank you.

Katherine: A little blood will grease those muscles up real quick. Just saying...

Mikael: I don't feed on living things.

Katherine: Then what do you eat?

[He grabs her, pulls her close, and bites her.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Alaric and Elena are walking to the front door about to leave.]

Elena: It's okay if you want to be friends with Damon again.

Alaric: I don't.

Elena: I think he kind of misses you.

[Stefan comes out of the living room.]

Stefan: Well you got me tonight. Definitely wasn't expecting that.

Alaric: That was the point.

Stefan: Yeah. You know, you can hate it all you want, but Elena needs me. I'll always protect her. I think you're both better off having me around.

[Elena ushers Alaric to go to the door and he starts walking. Elena goes with him..]

Stefan: Elena, wait. You could have let me die in that fire tonight. Why didn't you?

Elena: Because I still have hope.

Stefan: After everything I've done, you...You still think I'll be able to find my humanity again.

Elena: Yes, I do. I know who you really are better than anyone, Stefan. And I'm not giving up.

Stefan: Elena, do you have any idea how pathetic that makes you?

Elena: No, Stefan, it makes me strong.

[She punches his stomach drives two stakes into it with the sleeve weapon. She takes off the sleeve and gives it to Alaric. He looks at Stefan, smiles and closes the door.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy is in his bedroom leaving a voicemail message for Bonnie.]

Jeremy: Bonnie, come on. Stop dodging my calls. Don't you think we should at least talk about this?

[He sits on his bed. Anna appears.]

Anna: I shouldn't be here.

Jeremy: No kidding.

Anna: No, I mean, I shouldn't be here, Jeremy. Why are you thinking about me when you're calling her?

Jeremy: I didn't think I was. Look, I don't know. Okay. I don't know what I'm doing, Anna. The problem is I don't think I can stop thinking about you.

Anna: I can't stop thinking about you, either.

[She sits down next to him on the bed.]

Jeremy: What are we going to do?

[She raises her hand. He touches it and looks surprised. They interlock fingers.]

Jeremy: Do you...feel this?

Anna: What's going on? I can feel you. How can I feel you?

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon is rolling up a rug. Somebody is there and breaks a vase.]

Damon: Keep it up, Stefan.

[He bends down and starts picking up the pieces of the vase. Somebody hits him hard which sends him flying backwards. He falls on the floor. It's Mason. Damon opens his eyes.]

Mason: This is going to be fun.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


