



There Goes the Neighborhood







Information


season
number




1
16






Navigation


previous
next




A Few Good Men
Let The Right One In





Contents[show]
 Miss Gibbons's Residence 

[Anna is going down the stairs.]

Anna: Hey Bethanne.

Anna: What are you guys watching? You guys have been watching the same thing the whole time? There are over one hundred and fifty channels. It's called a remote control. This button changes the channel. Hold it like this.

[Anna goes into the dining room and finds Frederick feeding on Miss Gibbons.]

Miss Gibbons: Did you get enough sweetheart?

Frederick: For now.

Miss Gibbons: Anna, are you hungry? Did you want a little?

Anna: No, thank you Miss Gibbons. Why don't you lie down for a while and get some rest?

Frederick: She's fine. Aren't you Miss Gibbons?

[Frederick compels Miss Gibbons.]

Miss Gibbons: Of course I am. I'm fine.

[Miss Gibbons is leaving. Anna and Frederick exchange looks.]

 Donovan Residence 

Matt: Hey mom! Mom?

[Matt is knocking on his mother's room door.]

Matt: Hey mom?

[Kelly opens the door.]

Kelly: What? I'm trying to sleep.

Matt: I was just making sure you're alive.

Kelly: I'm sorry sweetie. It was a late night. My head is throbbing.

Matt: I would appreciate it if you wouldn't bring the party home. And I'm pretty sure the neighbors would appreciate it too.

Kelly: It wasn't a party, it was one guy, don't be so judgy.

Matt: Well, I talked to Roberta at the grill and there's still a bartending position open if you want to...get a job.

Kelly: I figured she'd still be pissed about the last time I worked there.

Matt: I think she's desperate.

Kelly: I'll check it out.

Matt: Yeah?

Kelly: Don't act so surprised.

Matt: Well, I mean...I didn't know how long you planned on sticking around.

Kelly: Well, there's back rent due.

Matt: There's back everything mom.

Kelly: Like I said, I'll check it out.

[Someone is knocking on the door.]

Kelly: Who's that?

Matt: It's Caroline.

[Kelly is making a face.]

Matt: Easy.

[Kelly raises her eyebrows.]

Matt: Yeah come in!

[Caroline opens the door and enters in the kitchen.]

Caroline: Hi Mrs. Donovan.

[Kelly gets up and leaves the room.]

Matt: Hey, ok. Well we're going to be late. So let's get going.

[Matt is going towards Caroline.]

Caroline: Yeah.

Matt: Hey.

Caroline: Hey.

Matt: How are you?

Caroline: Good.

 Mystic Falls High School 

Stefan: Damon hasn't said a word to me. Every time I try to talk to him he shuts me down.

Elena: Do you think he's still trying to find Katherine?

Stefan: I don't know. He waited a hundred and forty five years only to find out that Katherine could not care less. I mean it's gotta hurt, right?

Elena: And it couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.

Stefan: You have every reason to be upset with him. Have you thought any more about what you're going to do?

Elena: About what? Isobel, my vampire birth mother, who's related to my vampire ancestor Katherine, who screwed over your vampire brother? Nah...I haven't thought about it at all.

Stefan: I'm sorry I brought it up.

Elena: It'd just be nice if we could get through one day without having to deal with any of it. No vampire mother or brother.

Stefan: No vampires at all?

Elena: No vampires but you. I just want to get us back to normal stuff like school and homework and here's a thought: fun.

Stefan: Ooh, that sounds good to me, when do we start?

[They laugh and leave.]

Matt: We can watch a movie at my place.

Caroline: With your mom and a six pack?

Matt: You know...you don't really help the situation. You could at least try to be nice.

Caroline: Oh...I'm sorry. It's hard for me to show kindness to people that hate me. I'm not that evolved.

[Matt raises his head and look at Elena and Stefan. They kiss each other. Caroline turns her head and look at them too. And turns her head to look at Matt.]

Caroline: So, a movie tonight?

Matt: Wherever you want to do it's good for me but I'm late and I got to go OK?

Caroline: OK.

[She moves in for a kiss but he leaves.]

 Miss Gibbons's Residence 

Pearl: The keypad is for texting which is what you do when you want to avoid talking to someone.

[Harper pushes a button and we can hear a message from Jeremy. Anna rushes towards the phone.]

Harper: I didn't break it, I swear.

Pearl: I was just showing Harper what you taught me. What a marvelous device!

Harper: Who was that?

Anna: Jeremy Gilbert.

Harper: Is that your boyfriend?

Pearl: Of course not.

[Pearl gets up and looks at Anna.]

Pearl: What do you think?

Anna: Very respectable.

Pearl: That's the goal. I can't say that I miss corsets.

Anna: Susie Sunshine gave me her car keys and her ATM card.

Pearl: What's that?

Anna: I'll explain later.

[Frederick waits outside the room. Anna and Pearl leaves the room.]

Frederick: Where are you going?

Pearl: We have some business in town. We'll be back as soon as we can. I trust that you'll keep an eye on things.

Frederick: So, I'm the baby sitter now?

Pearl: Frederick, if this is going to work we have to cooperate with one another.

Frederick: So you saying...

Harper: I'll watch things miss Pearl.

Pearl: Thank you Harper.

[Anna and Pearl leaves the room. Harper and Frederick exchange looks.]

 Mystic Falls High School 

Caroline: I'm thinking nothing huge, just a dinner at the grill maybe a late movie.

Stefan: You mean like a double date?

Caroline: Two pair out on a Friday night coupled. Yeah a double date.

Elena: Do you think that's a good idea?

Caroline: Why not? We all haven't gone out together before and I don't want it to be uncomfortable for us. Look the couple dynamics have changed and there's been a little awkwardness between you, Matt, and me and I just think it's important that we get over it.

Elena: I don't know.

Stefan: I think that sounds like a great idea.

Elena: You do?

Stefan: Yeah. A nice evening out with friends. Sounds fun, as in "fun".

Elena: A double date it is.

Caroline: Ok. So, we will see you tonight.

Elena: OK.

[Caroline walks away. Elena looks at Stefan.]

Elena: OK.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon enters the house. Anna and Pearl are waiting for him.]

Pearl: Hello Damon.

Damon: Ever hear of knocking?

Pearl: An invitation wasn't necessary. I'm surprised that no living person resides here. Is it just you and your brother?

Anna: Yeah. How do you keep out unwelcome vampires?

Damon: I kill them.

[Damon runs towards Pearl and tries to strangle her. Pearl twists his wrist and pushes him to the floor.]

Pearl: Have a seat, Damon. I was hoping we could have a word.

Damon: Sure.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy is on his computer in his bedroom chatting on a website entitled "The Lair (Vampire Lovers Only)".]

Jeremy (on computer as user "Vampjer"): "How do you become a vampire?"

User (username "Bloodybecky"): "Brad Pitt changed me".

User (username "FANG69"): "Go to Vegas. Ask for Wayne Newton".

Jeremy (on computer): "How do you kill a vampire?"

User (username "USUCK14"): "The blood of Paula Abdul".

Jeremy (to himself): Great.

Jeremy (on computer): "Serious answers only please".

User (username "Bloodybecky"): "Stake in the heart always works".

Jeremy (on computer): "You're a believer?"

User (username "Bloodybecky"): "Aren't you?"

 Salvatore Boarding House 

Pearl: We've taken up residence at a farmhouse just outside the town. It'll suffice for now.

Damon: All 25 vampires?

Pearl: Not all, some. I imagine that a few have already left town. Others are probably still in the woods or like us acclimating.

[Damon looks at Pearl and Anna.]

Damon: How did they get out of the tomb?

Anna: I think the witch screwed up that part of her hocus pocus.

Pearl: I understand from Anna that the founding families still have a secret council?

Anna: And you're a part of it.

Damon: That's ridiculous.

Anna: I've been in Mystic Falls since the comet, Damon. I'm up to speed.

Pearl: And so am I. And now that you've infiltrated the council, I'll need to know everything they know. Starting with a listing names of all the council members and their families.

Anna: And everyone you've supplied with vervain.

Pearl: Yes, that will have to stop immediately.

Damon: What exactly are you trying to achieve?

Pearl: Mystic Falls is our home, Damon. They took that from us. Our land, our home. It's time we rebuild.

Damon: What, are you crazy? It was 1864. Wake up woman. The world has moved on.

Pearl: As a reward for your help I'm willing to give you what you want most.

Damon: I want nothing.

Pearl: Katherine.

Damon: You wouldn't even know where she was. You've been under the ground for the last century and a half.

Pearl: Katherine and I were best friends long before we came to Mystic Falls, Damon. I know how she thinks, I know her patterns, I know where to find her.

Damon: I no longer have any desire to see Katherine ever again. And there's no way in hell I'm gonna play the role of your little minion.

[Pearl gets up and pushes Damon on the couch.]

Pearl: I'm not asking for your help, Damon. Finding Katherine was just a mere gesture of kindness. The rest is non-negotiable.

[She puts her fingers in Damon's eyes and pushes him on the floor.]

Pearl: I have four hundred years on you, little boy. I'll rip you from limb to limb without even blinking and you know it. I'll be in touch.

[Pearl and Anna leave the house.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Stefan in knocking on the door. Elena opens it.]

Elena: You got me flowers!

Stefan: I figured it's a date, why not do it right? I would have driven too but you're the one with the car.

Elena: You know, you think that for someone who was around when the car was invented you would have one.

Stefan: Oh, I have one. I just never drive it.

Elena: You know, it's not too late to cancel.

Stefan: Why we would do that?

Elena: I don't know, it just seems surreal. Like maybe we weren't meant to get to the normal part.

Stefan: That's exactly why we're going to do it. We're going to go out, have some fun and try to remember that we don't have to be so serious. Listen, when I decided to stay here and to get to know you, it so that I could do things like this. Bring my girlfriend flowers, take her out on a date, and try to be normal.

Elena: Have you ever even been on a double date before?

Stefan: Oh, absolutely. '72, Hef and the twins.

Elena: What?

Stefan: Yeah...playmates. I got Miss June.

Elena: Are you serious?

 Mystic Falls 

[Jenna is waiting for Anna and Pearl in front of her brother in law's office.]

Pearl: Miss Sommers?

Jenna: Yes. Hi Pearl.

Pearl: Hi. This is my Daughter, Annabelle.

Jenna: Of course, Jeremy's friend.

Anna: Nice to see you, Miss Sommers.

Jenna: Oh, Jenna, please. This property was in my brother in law's family for generations. It's one of the originals structure in Mystic Falls. It used to be one of those old fashioned drugstore thingies.

Pearl: An apothecary?

Jenna: Yeah.

Pearl: You don't say.

[Anna sees Jeremy.]

Jenna: Sorry if it's a little musty.

[Anna is watching Jeremy walking.]

Jenna: No one has been here for months.

Pearl: I'll use my imagination.

[Anna is still watching Jeremy.]

Pearl: Annabelle?

Anna: I'm coming mother.

[They are entering the office. Jenna is holding the door.]

 Mystic Grill 

[Kelly is at the bar. Damon sits down next to her. He wears sunglasses.]

Kelly: What's with the glasses inside?

Damon: My eyes were a little sensitive today.

Kelly: You're new around here.

Damon: On the contrary, I'm very old.

[Talking to the bartender.]

Damon: Bourbon, neat.

Kelly: I haven't been gone that long. I would remember someone who looked like you.

Damon: Yeah. Where did you go?

Kelly: Around, about.

Damon: I've been there.

Kelly: I love to see a man drown his sorrows. It's so sexy.

Damon: It's more like nursing my wounds. And you?

Kelly: I was supposed interviewing for the bartender job but I think the manager blew me off.

Damon: Well, that's not very nice.

Kelly: Yeah. Last time I was in town I slept with her boyfriend.

Damon: That's not very nice either.

Kelly: It happens.

Damon: Yes it does.

[Jenna arrives.]

Jenna: Kelly? Kelly Donovan?

Kelly: Jenna!

[They hug each other.]

Jenna: I heard you were back in town. (To Damon) She used to babysit me.

Kelly: And then I used to party with her.

Jenna: This woman is crazy.

Kelly: Not as crazy as you.

Jenna: I'm not anymore.

Kelly: Well sit, drink!

Jenna: I shouldn't. I'm more responsible now. Haven't you heard?

Kelly: Well, take a night off its good for the soul.

Damon: Great for the soul.

[Jenna sits down with Kelly and Damon.]

Jenna: This is not going to end well.

Damon: Can't wait.

[They raise their glasses and clink their glasses.]

 Miss Gibbons's Residence 

Frederick: I hate this house.

Bethanne: It's better than the tomb.

Frederick: I didn't stay locked up for a hundred and forty five years to end up locked here.

Harper: Maybe you should quit complaining.

[Frederick gets up and walks toward Harper.]

Frederick: You're going to stop me?

Bethanne: Let it be Frederick. You heard what Pearl said.

Frederick: I don't care what Pearl said. (To Harper) What you got boy?

[Harper gets up and pushes Frederick on the couch. Frederick pushes Harper against the wall.]

Frederick: Try that again.

[Pearl arrives and strangles Frederick.]

Pearl: Back off. Back off! We don't fight each other. Those are the rules.

Frederick: And I'm tired of your rules. I want out of this house. Why can't we go out on the town?

Pearl: Eventually. But for now we have to keep a low profile.

Frederick: No one knows who I am.

Pearl: The Salvatore's brothers do.

Frederick: And I wish to hell that I could run into them. There are the reason we were caught in the first place.

 Mystic Grill 

Elena: So, Matt, How do you like working here?

Matt: It's not that bad. Wait staff is pretty good and they can't keep a bartender to save their lives. I actually put my mom up for a job.

Elena: How has that been? Having Kelly back?

Matt: You know, same old Kelly. She's trying, sort of.

Elena: Kelly and my mom were best friends growing up. That's how Matt and I first met, we shared a crib together.

Stefan: You're kidding?

Matt: No, we have known each other our whole lives.

[Elena and Matt look each other. Caroline sighs. Everyone turn their heads and watch Damon, Kelly and Jenna drinking together.]

Matt: You got to be kidding me.

 Miss Gibbons's Residence 

[Frederick and Bethanne are going out the house. Harper catches them.]

Harper: Where are you going?

Frederick: Bethanne and I are going out for a bit. Hit the town, kick up our heels.

Harper: We're not supposed to leave. Miss Pearl made that very clear.

Frederick: You're going to stop me? I didn't think so.

[Harper watches them while they leave the house.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Someone is knocking on the door. Jeremy goes down the stairs and opens the door. It's Anna.]

Jeremy: Anna?

Anna: Surprised?

Jeremy: I thought you and your mom were leaving town.

Anna: Change of plans. Sorry, I thought you'd be psyched.

Jeremy: No, no, no. I mean...I am. Of course I am.

Anna: Alright then, step aside.

[Anna enters in the house.]

 Mystic Grill 

Jenna: Don't be grumpy. It can't be that bad.

Damon: You'd be surprised. My primary reason for existence has abandoned me and after today's events, the remains of the shakey ground that I walk on are about to go kaboom. Let's get hammered.

Kelly: Let's.

[They clink their glasses.]
[Caroline, Elena, Stefan and Matt are at the pool table. They're watching Damon, Kelly and Jenna.]

Caroline: At least they're having fun.

Elena: They're drunk.

Matt: Remember when Elena's parents busted us here after the homecoming?

Caroline (laughing): Oh my god yes!

Elena: Well, we were wasted; it was the first time I ever got drunk. I blame Matt.

Matt: Her parents got seated at the next booth.

Elena: And Matt had me pretend that I was choking so we could get away.

Matt: Except that her dad was a doctor so he jumped up to save her.

Elena: And I ran, slipped on the wet floor and bit it in front of everyone. Do you remember that? 3 stitches, a hangover for days and I was grounded from seeing this one (She looks at Matt) for a week.

[Matt and Elena look at each other and laugh.]

Caroline: I'm gonna go to the restroom. Elena?

[Jenna sees them.]

Jenna: Hide. We're not here.

Kelly: Why? Where'd we go?

Jenna: Children under our care. Five o'clock. This is not good.

[Kelly turns her head and sees them.]

Kelly: Damn!

 Gilbert Residence 

Jeremy: What made you and your mom decide to stay in town?

Anna: She got this business opportunity; she's going to open up a little store. It has always been her dream. So yeah we're staying. And I'm thinking about going back to high school, so you'll be seeing a little more of me.

Jeremy: Yeah?

Anna: Enough of homeschooling. I'd like to be a normal teen for once. But I have to ask my mom first, she'll have an opinion.

Jeremy: Well, I wish you were there now. I actually have to write another paper. I was thinking about squeezing one more out on "the vampire in Mystic Falls".

Anna: Really? Haven't you exhausted the subject?

Jeremy: No, I want to go deeper, you know. I want to understand why people were labelled as vampires back in the day. I mean, maybe there's such a thing has vampires, they're just different from the way we always thought they were.

Anna: What do you mean?

Jeremy: Well, maybe they're normal and good, just outsiders you know? Um, misunderstood.

Anna: You're kidding, right?

Jeremy: Don't you think it could be possible? You did give me all that info.

Anna: Jeremy, I made it up ok? You were all cute and floppy and I wanted to make a good impression.

 Mystic Grill 

Matt: Is there anything you're not good at?

Stefan: Double dating. This is all kind of new to me. I usually keep to myself. I don't always fit in.

Matt: That's because you're that guy.

Stefan: What guy?

Matt: The guy who seems like he has everything, so the people that don't, kind of run the other way.

Stefan: Is that what I seem like?

Matt: Pretty much.

Stefan: Hmm...What a dick!

Matt: Yeah.

[In the restroom, Elena is washing her hands. Caroline is sitting behind her.]

Caroline: So um, what are you doing?

Elena: What?

Caroline: Well the point of this was to show him how much you care about Stefan. You know, not to hopscotch down memory lane.

Elena: I was just trying to make conversation.

Caroline: Try less.

[Caroline leaves the restroom, Elena run after her.]

Elena: Caroline.

[Back in the bar, Elena is walking after Caroline, and passes Frederick. He sees her and catches her arm.]

Frederick: Katherine?

Elena: I'm sorry, you have the wrong person.

[Caroline is waiting for Elena.]

Caroline: Elena, come on!

Frederick: My mistake.

[They return to the pool table with Matt and Stefan. Frederick looks at her.]

Elena: How's everything going?

Stefan: Matt's cheating.

Matt: No need, I'm awesome.

Frederick (watching them): Stefan Salvatore.

Stefan (to Elena): Everything okay?

Elena: Everything's great.

[She writes him a text message and shows it to him.]

Elena: "That man over there just called me Katherine"

[He walks toward them but they're already gone.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Elena parks her car. She discusses with Stefan.]

Stefan: So, you didn't recognize him, you haven't seen him before?

Elena: No, there was nothing familiar about him at all.

Stefan: Right, let's call it a night. OK? Send Matt and Caroline home?

Elena: No, the whole point of the night was to not have to deal with this stuff. We need to get through one night. One normal night.

Stefan: You're sure?

Elena: No, I'm not sure, but I don't know what else to do. Look, if there's another vampire in town, he'll still be here tomorrow. We'll deal with it tomorrow.

Stefan: OK.

[Matt and Caroline arrive. Matt parks his car.]

Stefan: It's them. Come here.

[Stefan kisses Elena.]
[Caroline, Matt, Stefan and Elena are entering the living room.]

Caroline: This is much better than watching Damon visit cougar town. (To Matt.) No offence.

Matt: Don't remind me. (To Stefan): Man I've always wanted to see what it looks like in this place.

Stefan: Yeah, I guess it's a bit much.

Matt: Yeah, my entire house could fit in here. like twice.

Caroline: Feel like I've been here before. It's weird.

[Elena is uncomfortable and changes the subject.]

Elena: Do you guys want to watch a movie or something?

Matt: Whoa; these are great!

[He walks towards Stefan's miniature cars collection.]

Stefan: This is uh...a little hobby of mine.

Matt: I did the entire Mustang series when I was 9

Stefan: You like cars?

Matt: It's an understatement.

Stefan: Come with me.

 Mystic Grill 

[Damon is playing with a cherry.]

Damon: So, the thing about cherries, you have to...

[Kelly puts her finger on Damon's lips. She puts a cherry in her mouth.]

Damon: Oh my goodness.

[He takes the cherry out of Kelly's mouth with his mouth.]

Damon: That's amazing, you were fast.

Jenna: That would be my queue.

Kelly (looking at Damon): You're given up already?

Jenna: Oh yeah.

[She leaves the bar.]

Jenna: See you guys.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan opens the garage door.]

Stefan: Prepare yourself, my friend.

[He removes a tarp from a car.]

Matt: Wait, how do you have this?

Stefan: Got passed down through the family.

[He opens the car's door.]

Matt: Why don't you...I mean...Why don't you drive it?

Stefan: Well, it doesn't run. I mean, it's not that I could figure out.

Caroline: Why would you keep a car that doesn't run?

Matt: Be more of a girl right now?

[Caroline laugh.]

Stefan (to Matt): Hey, want to come take a look at this for me?

Matt: Elena, remember the old Camaro you're dad used to have?

Elena: Of course.

Matt: I built and rebuilt that engine 20 times.

Stefan: wow.

Caroline: I don't like sports cars; they're too hard to make out in.

Matt (looking at Elena): It wasn't that bad.

[Elena and Matt look at each other, uncomfortable. Caroline leaves the garage. Elena goes after her.]

Matt (to Stefan): I'm sorry man.

Stefan: No, no, no. Don't worry about it. You and Elena, you guys have a history and ignoring it doesn't do anybody any good.

Matt: She's good with you. You know, I wasn't sure but she's happy and I'm glad.

[They look at each other.]

Matt: Alright, let's take a look at this.

 Mystic Grill 

[Jenna is going out. She breaks her heel. Frederick looks at her.]

Frederick: Need some help?

Jenna: Damn it! Stupid shoe.

Frederick: Pick up your other foot.

[He breaks the other heel and gives it to Jenna.]

Frederick: Here you go.

Jenna: Thanks, I think.

Frederick: Was that Damon Salvatore you were with?

Jenna: The one and only. You know him?

Frederick: We go way back. He still live out by Miller Lane?

Jenna: He lives in the old boarding house by Wickery Bridge. He's still in there if you want to say hi.

Frederick: I prefer to stay here and talk to you.

Jenna: Oh, nice. Very smooth with the shoe and the flirt. But, I'm a little drunk and a guy plus drunk me equals very bad things.

[Frederick touches her face and tries to compel her.]

Frederick: I'm pretty sure you'd like it.

[She laughs.]

Jenna: Sorry. That was a seriously lame pick up.

Frederick: That is a nice scent you wear. What is it?

Jenna: I don't know (she laughs) it was a gift. And that is a cab so...

[She leaves. Frederick looks at her. Bethanne arrives behind him.]

Frederick: Vervain...making it hard to find something to eat in this town.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Elena arrives to talk to Caroline.]

Elena: Caroline...

Caroline: I don't want to talk about it.

Elena: You're being ridiculous.

Caroline: And insecure and stupid. But that doesn't change the fact that Matt's always gonna be in love with you and I'm always gonna be the back up.

Elena: You're not the back up.

Caroline: Yes I'm. I'm Matt's Elena back up; I'm your Bonnie back up.

Elena: Now it's about me and Bonnie?

Caroline: You don't get it. Why would you? You're everyone's first choice.

[They look at each other. Stefan and Matt pull up in the Porsche. They get out of the car.]

Matt: Piece of cake!

[Matt looks at Caroline.]

Stefan: You know what? Why don't you guys go ahead and take it for a spin?

Matt: Really?

Stefan: Yeah.

Matt: Caroline?

[Matt and Caroline get into the car. Stefan and Elena watch them go. Stefan embraces Elena.]

Stefan: You alright?

Elena: If it's not vampires, its girlfriends.

[They embrace each other.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy and Anna are in the kitchen.]

Jeremy: Alright. Roast beef, turkey, what do you want?

Anna: Let's do the works. Pile it high.

Jeremy: Ok, I like your style. Will you grab the bread for me?

Anna: Ok.

[She turns to get the bread. Jeremy cuts his hand with a knife.]

Anna: What are you doing?

Jeremy: It's just a cut. Can you hand me that towel?

[She looks uncomfortable.]

Anna: I can't.

Jeremy: You got a problem with blood Anna?

[He shows her his bloody hand and goes towards her.]

Jeremy: What's the matter? It's just blood, Anna.

[She grabs him by the neck and pushes him against the fridge.]

Anna: What are you doing?

[Her face changes.]

Jeremy: I knew it. (He shows her his hand) Go for it.

[She takes his hand and begins to drink. Jenna enters. Jeremy rushes towards her.]

Jeremy: Jenna! Hey, what's up?

Jenna: Regret. Make sure you lock that up.

[Jenna goes upstairs. Jeremy looks back into the kitchen, Anna has gone. He looks at his hand and smiles.]

 Woods 

[Matt and Caroline are driving in Stefan's car through the woods.]

Matt: Did I just pass the driveway?

Caroline: Uh...No, I think it's up there.

Matt: This is an amazing car. Did I pass?

[Caroline doesn't understand.]

Matt: The whole double date thing was obviously a test to see how I would do around Elena.

Caroline: I don't know. You were reminiscing about the Elena years the whole night so...

Matt: Caroline that stuff came before. It's not just gonna go away.

Caroline: I know that okay? I know.

Matt: No, you don't. Because, you're letting Elena turn you into a crazy person. Look it's my fault. I made it pretty clear early on that Elena still means something to me. But all that talk, that was just two old friends and some memories. Tonight wasn't about me and Elena. I was there because I wanted to be with you. And I don't know what this means or what we are but I do know that you are the only person I want to be in this car with right now. And I don't even know if that makes sense because I'm not really that good at expressing myself.

Caroline: No, no. I think you're doing just fine.

[They laugh and kiss each other. Caroline hurts herself.]

Caroline: Sports cars...

Matt: Yeah.

[They kiss each other again.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon and Kelly enter the house. Damon makes a drink, takes a sip, and hands it to Kelly.]

Kelly: Now that you've got me here. (She drinks) What are you gonna do with me?

Damon: I'm going to...going to do this.

[He kisses her. He pushes her against the wall. They kiss each other. Caroline and Matt enter the house and interrupt them.]

Matt: Mom?!

Caroline: Damon?!

Kelly: Oh my god, Matt! Oh my god.

[She takes her things and leaves. Elena and Stefan arrive.]

Matt: I got to...

Caroline: It's fine, just go.

Elena (to Matt): I'll take her home.

Matt: Thanks, man.

[Matt gives the keys to Stefan and leaves. Caroline, Elena and Stefan look at Damon. He drinks.]

 Miss Gibbons's Residence 

[Anna is going into the house. She tries to be discreet. Pearl arrives.]

Pearl: Where have you been?

Anna: I needed some air.

Pearl: For three hours? Tell me, where have you been?

Anna: Out, I was out.

Pearl: Annabelle, don't do this. I can't fight you too. What?

Anna: I'm sorry.

[Pearl embraces her.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Elena and Stefan walk out to her car.]

Elena: Sorry I'm bailing.

Stefan: Just wish you let me drive you home.

Elena: Normal people don't have chaperones or bodyguards or baby-sitters. We're normal tonight, remember?

Stefan: I know, I just get so worry about you.

Elena: Stefan, I can't live every minute afraid that someone is gonna come after me. I won't, it's not living.

Stefan: Okay. Call me when you get home safe.

[He takes her face and kisses her. Stefan opens her car door for her and Elena gets in.]

Caroline: Bye Stefan.

Stefan: Goodbye.

[He closes the car's door. He watches them leave and goes back inside. Frederick watches him while he closes the door.]
[Inside, Damon is in the living room. Stefan arrives and looks at him.]

Damon: Don't look at me like that.

Stefan: Are you crazy?

Damon: Save the lecture. Look...

[Frederick jumps through the window, jumps on Stefan and stabs him with a piece of glass. Damon pushes him off Stefan and starts to fight with Frederick. Stefan removes the piece of glass. Bethanne arrives and begins to fight with Stefan. She pushes him to the floor, he takes the leg off a wooden chair and stabs her in the heart. Damon sends Frederick across the living room. Frederick looks at Damon and Stefan and then looks at Bethanne, who is dead. He leaves. Stefan looks at Damon.]

Damon: Damn it.

Stefan: I remember them from 1864. They were in the tomb.

Damon: Yeah...About that.

[They look at each other.]

 Donovan Residence 

[Matt is going into the living room. Kelly goes after him.]

Kelly: Matt...Matt....

Matt: I don't want to hear it, mom.

Kelly: Matty, please...

Matt: Do you know what I was doing tonight, Mom? I was having fun, you know, trying to forget about all the crap that I have to deal with every day. Just enjoying a night with my friends. And then, there you are, wasted at the bar, where I work, by the way, to pay the bills that you don't pay. And then you're off acting like a freakin' kid, hooking up with some guy half your age. I'm the kid, Mom. You're supposed to be responsible for me.

Kelly: I know Matt.

[He looks at her and leaves.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is in the bathroom, she brushes her teeth. Jeremy arrives.]

Elena: How was your night?

Jeremy: Ah...Same old. Same old...You?

Elena: Yep.

 Miss Gibbons's Residence 

[Pearl is taking a bottle of blood from the fridge. Frederick arrives.]

Pearl: So, where's Bethanne?

Frederick: She won't be coming back.

Pearl: What happened? Where is she?

Frederick: Well, you were right.(He looks at Anna) We shouldn't have left.

Pearl: No. Hungry?

[Frederick is still looking at Anna. Pearl is pouring blood in a glass. She takes the glass and a wooden spoon. She holds the glass to Frederick and stabs him with the spoon. She puts down the glass and throws the spoon in the sink. She sits down and pours blood in a glass.]

Pearl: Next time you'll listen to me.

[Anna smiles and looks at Frederick.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is on the phone with Stefan.]

Elena: I'm home, teeth brushed, and ready for bed. Save and sound.

Stefan: Good, good. I'm glad.

Elena: Is everything alright? You sound serious.

Stefan: No, no, no, no. Not tonight, you still have a few minutes left of normal. I'll tell you about it tomorrow okay?

Elena: I had a really nice time on our date tonight.

Stefan: Such a liar.

Elena: No, I'm serious. In a way it was exactly what it was supposed to be.

Stefan: I had a really nice time too.

[Elena hangs up.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon is dragging Bethanne's body into the fireplace.]

Damon (to Stefan): Could you help me out a little bit?

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy enters his bedroom. Anna's there, Jeremy is scared.]

Jeremy: What the hell?

Anna: I could have killed you!

Jeremy: Yeah, but you didn't.

Anna: I should have.

Jeremy: But you didn't.

Anna: How did you know?

Jeremy: I knew this girl. Vicki. She was attacked by an animal, a bite to the neck. She started acting crazy, weird, and it seemed like drugs, but then you showed me those articles. And then I saw your face and how it changed the night in the cemetery when I kissed you.

Anna: You know you can't tell anyone, right?

Jeremy: Who would believe me?

Anna: You'd be surprised.

Jeremy: Why didn't you kill me?

Anna: I don't know. Maybe I'm a sucker for guys like you.

Jeremy: Like what?

Anna: Lost. Why would you confront me about it? Why would you risk it?

Jeremy: Because if it was true, maybe it's true about Vicki. And also because...I want you to turn me.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


