



The Murder of One







Information


season
number




3
18






Navigation


previous
next




Break On Through
Heart of Darkness





Contents[show]
 Alaric's Apartment 

[It's morning. Elena walks up the stairs carrying breakfast for Alaric. She knocks on his door and Damon answers it.]

Damon: Morning sunshine.

Elena: Hey, how's Alaric?

[Elena moves to enter the apartment, but Damon closes the door slightly to block her way.]

Damon: Indecent, but fine.

Elena: So then, does that mean there were no issues last night?

Damon: Nope. Slept like a baby, woke up Alaric. No head minds about dead Council members.

Elena: Then why do I feel like you're hiding something from me?

Damon: Well, maybe because you're being all paranoid and control freaky. What'd you bring me?

[Damon takes the bag from her and sniffs it.]

Damon: Ooo, chocolate muffins. You know what they say; a way to a psycho killer's heart is through his stomach.

[Elena takes the bag back from him.]

Elena: They're not for you.

Damon: Fine. Keep convincing yourself you're still mad at me. But sadly, Ric's gonna have to miss Elena time today. You know lockdown and all.

Elena: Just take it and give it to him and tell him that I miss him, okay?

[Elena hands Damon the bag of muffins.]

Damon: With pleasure.

Elena: Please.

[Damon starts to shut the door on her.]

Damon: Have a great day, thanks for coming by.

Elena: Dam...

[Damon closes the door and walks over to Ric and Stefan who are standing by a miter saw with the Wickery Bridge sign. He listens to Elena leaving.]

Damon: Walking down the stairs, opening the front door, and she's gone.

[Alaric turns the saw on and lowers the saw and begins to cut the sign. Later, Damon, Alaric, and Stefan are creating stakes from the Wickery Bridge sign. Stefan looks at one of the stakes.]

Stefan: This needs to have a sharper point.

[He hands the stake to Damon.]

Damon: I got it.

Stefan: We finally have our own stakes to kill an Original. I'm not gonna miss because you can't whittle.

Damon: I said I got it. Stop micromanaging.

[Damon sharpens the point of the stake. Alaric puts on his jacket.]

Alaric: Looks like you guys have got this under control. I'm gonna call the Sheriff.

[Damon and Stefan look at him.]

Alaric: I want to turn myself in.

Damon: No you don't.

Alaric: I have a homicidal alter ego. Unlike some people in this room, I would like to take responsibility for the people I've killed.

Damon: If you wanted to turn yourself in, you wouldn't be saying it out loud. Just saying.

Alaric: Hey, listen, out of all the people you cannot psychoanalyze me. I killed Caroline's father; I nearly killed Meredith. Everything's changed.

Stefan: Look, you're not turning yourself in. Bonnie's herbs are working and we have Originals to kill.

Damon: His morals get very questionable when he has revenge on the brain.

Stefan: Klaus needs to die. We finally have the chance to kill him, so you are not turning yourself in.

[Damon gets up and turns to Alaric and hands him his ring.]

Damon: Here's your ring, Ric. Put it on.

Alaric: That ring is the reason I've killed people.

Damon: It's also the reason you're alive. You're going vampire hunting, Ric. Wear it.

[Alaric takes the ring and puts it on.]

 Woods 

[Caroline and Elena are walking through the woods.]

Caroline: Alaric Saltzman killed my father?

Elena: I can't expect you to be okay with this. But at least these herbs that Bonnie's giving him, they're healing him and they're keeping the dark side buried.

Caroline: Yeah, and that's supposed to make everything okay?

[Elena grabs Caroline's arm and Caroline faces her. Caroline is teary eyed.]

Elena: No, Caroline, it's not okay. It's horrible and I feel horrible about it, but he's a victim of something supernatural, he didn't ask for this, it just happened to him. Just like Bonnie's mom, I mean, she didn't ask to become a vampire. And neither did Stefan or Tyler.

Caroline: Or me.

Elena: Or you. None of you asked for this, but who would I be if I just turned my back on any of you?

[Caroline moves to Elena's side and wraps her arm around her shoulders. They start to walk off.]

Caroline: Oh, Elena Gilbert, savior of the cursed and the damned.

[Matt appears.]

Matt: Hey. What's with the cryptic secret meeting text?

Elena: I don't know. Stefan just said to meet here.

[Stefan and Damon show up.]

Stefan: Where's Bonnie?

[Caroline and Elena turn around.]

Stefan: I texted her too.

Caroline: Um, Bonnie's mom bailed on her. Again. So, I think we should leave her out of this one.

Matt: What are we doing here?

Damon: We found some more white oak. Long story, wait for the movie.

Elena: Hang on. White oak? You have a weapon that can kill Klaus?

Stefan: Nope. We all have a weapon.

[Stefan throws down a duffel bag with white oak stakes in it.]

 City 

[Finn is walking down the street when Klaus approaches him. They walk together.]

Klaus: Hello Finn.

Finn: Hello Niklaus. I have nothing to say to you.

Klaus: Well, I'm not here to chat. I will ask you one time though, where's our mother?

Finn: Gone to find another way to end our abominable lives. And when she does, I will sacrifice myself all over again.

Klaus: Well, how fortunate that I found you, I require your assistance.

Finn: I have no wish to help you. Only to see you dead.

Klaus: Right, well, that's the thing; you see you won't be able to see me dead, because if I die, then you die. So, wish unfulfilled, I'm afraid.

Finn: Oh, bother someone else with your hollowed charms, Niklaus.

Klaus: Why? Why not come bother my big brother? I need you to accompany me back to Mystic Falls, I have a witch there who can help undo Esther's spell that linked us together.

Finn: I have no wish to be unlinked.

[Klaus moves in front of Finn and places his hand on his chest to stop him from moving on.]

Klaus: Again with the wishes. Let me rephrase, you will come back with me or I will put you back in that coffin in which you rotted for 900 years.

Finn: What happens to one, happens to all. You may not feel the effects of the dagger, but you'd lose your precious Rebekah.

Klaus: Wouldn't be the first time.

[Finn walks off, Klaus watches him leave. Finn super speeds down an alleyway but Rebekah blocks his path.]

Rebekah: Let's not make this any worse than it has to be, darling brother.

Finn: You're siding with him? Rebekah, he stored us in boxes.

Rebekah: At least he's not trying to make us extinct.

[Finn turns around and sees Klaus behind him.]

Finn: What are you gonna do? Kill me?

Klaus: Oh yeah, that's right, you've got a death wish. Fine, pathetic, but fine. The thing is, I'm not gonna let you take the rest of us down with you.

[Klaus throws Finn against the wall and he crumples to the ground.]

 Woods 

Stefan: Klaus has always been one step ahead of us, but now we have the advantage. We're all armed and they are all linked, meaning we only need to kill one of them. We need to seize the best opportunity, which means we need to prepare for every opportunity.

Damon: Scenario number one.

[Damon grabs Elena and moves her over.]

Damon: You get to play Klaus.

Elena: Okay.

Stefan: Rebekah is our target so we distract her and catch her off guard. To do that we need to keep Klaus separate and occupied. [Stefan looks at Caroline.] Caroline.

Caroline: Why do I always have to be Klaus bait?

Damon: Because he's obsessed with you.

[Damon walks over to Caroline.]

Damon: But for right now we need you to play Rebekah. We use the quarterback to distract her. Just keep her talking.

Matt: How?

Damon: Act interested. She's lonely, desperate.

Caroline: Clearly. She slept with you.

[Elena suppresses a grin.]

Damon: Hm. Beefcake holds bombshell. I come up from behind her. [Damon gets behind Caroline, grabs her arms, and put them behind her back.] Grab her arms like this.

Caroline: Ow!

[Stefan comes up with the stake in his hand, imitating stabbing Caroline.]

Stefan: Gives me time for one shot.

[Damon lets go of Caroline.]

Stefan: Got it? Good. So we all have one stake, we keep it hidden and we look out for any opportunity we have.

Damon: No last minute attacks of pity for any of them. [Damon looks at Elena.]

Elena: Don't worry about me. Not after what happened to Bonnie's mom.

Damon: Barbie?

Caroline: Oh, I'm ready. Anything that will free Tyler from his sire bond to Klaus.

Damon: Busboy?

Matt: Do I have a choice?

Damon: Good point.

Stefan: We have 12 stakes, 12 shots at killing one Original. We can do this. Alright, let's try another scenario. Elena grab a crossbow. [Stefan hands Elena the crossbow.] Matt, you play Klaus.

[Elena aims the crossbow.]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Klaus throws Finn into the foyer. Rebekah and Klaus follow.]

Rebekah: Gather your witch. Let's get his blood and get on with it.

Finn: You can't force me to help you.

Klaus: Oh, I most likely could, but why force when I can persuade?

[Klaus points his hand towards the staircase. Sage walks down the stairs. Finn looks at her.]

Sage: Hello Finn.

Finn: Sage!

[Sage smiles. Finn gets up and rushes over to her. They embrace.]

Rebekah: What do you know, true love prevails.

[Klaus receives a text from Kol saying "Let me know when I'm needed."]

Klaus: It does occasionally have its uses.

[Klaus writes back to Kol: "I will"]

Klaus: Easier than torturing him.

Rebekah: I have something to do. What do you need from me for this spell?

Klaus: Just your blood and your blessing. Where are you going?

Rebekah: I have some unfinished business with Damon Salvatore. Ask Sage what he did to me. Then you'll understand why retribution is in order.

[Rebekah leaves. Klaus watches Finn and Sage.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon places his white oak stake underneath a pile of firewood.]

Alaric: I mean, did you learn nothing from the moonstone in the soap dish?

Damon: Why? Where'd you put yours?

[They hear a noise from downstairs. Damon gets up.]

Damon: What the hell was that?

[Damon leaves the room and walks down the stairs. Suddenly, he sees Alaric get thrown down the stairs and falls to the floor.]

Damon: Ric?

[Damon looks up the stairs, turns around and is stabbed in the stomach with a knife by Rebekah.]

Rebekah: Hello lover.

 Town Sqaure 

[Elena is on her phone, leaving a message for Bonnie.]

Elena: Bonnie, we're starting to worry about you. Call me back or call Caroline. Just call someone, please.

[Elena hangs up and walks up to Caroline and Matt.]

Matt: Mr. Saltzman was like the most normal guy in town.

Caroline: Yeah.

Elena: Is it weird that Bonnie's not returning my calls?

Matt: Is it weird that Klaus' brother is in the middle of town square?

[They all look over and see Finn with Sage.]

Elena: That's Finn. I thought he left town.

[Caroline pushes back her hair and listens in on Sage and Finn's conversation.]

Sage: So, can you guess why I've dragged you out here?

Finn: If memory serves me, this is where the Natives use to make sacrifices to their Gods.

Sage: This statue was built where we used to rendezvous. Back when you used to have to sneak away from your siblings to see your tawdry lady friend.

Finn: I assumed after 900 years you'd moved on.

Sage: I took care of myself, but I never stopped loving you Finn. I don't want you to die.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan enters the house. His phone rings, Elena is on the other end.]

Stefan: Hey.

Elena: Hey. Where are you?

Stefan: I just got home. Why?

Elena: Klaus' brother, Finn is in the town square and he's with some ex-girlfriend or something.

Stefan: Ex-girlfriend? Guy's been in a coffin for the last 900 years. [He pauses] Sage. It's got to be Sage.

Elena: We have an opportunity. So how do we do this?

Stefan: Listen to me, Elena, do not do anything, okay? Sage is very old and very strong. You don't stand a chance against her.

Elena: Then get Damon and get down here.

[Stefan sees Alaric on the staircase and that he is injured.]

Stefan: What the hell happened to you?

Elena: Stefan?

Alaric: Rebekah happened.

Stefan: I think we have a problem.

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Rebekah clamps bear traps around Damon's wrist and hangs him from the ceiling.]

Rebekah: I found them in the shed. What kind of monster would trap a poor, defenseless animal?

Damon: You've got to admit, even for me, it's a little kinky.

[Rebekah picks up a knife from the table near the wall then walks around Damon.]

Rebekah: You pretended to be interested in me and then you slept with me so your trampy friend, Sage, could steal my thoughts. Ever since then I felt this incessant need to one-up you. So I've decided to bleed the vervain from your system.

[She rips open his shirt and cuts Damon's chest with a knife. He groans in pain.]

Damon: You want to compel me to be your boyfriend?

Rebekah: Actually, I'd rather compel you to kill your brother. Or Elena. But, since vampires heal, bleeding you may take a while. We should probably stick to the major arteries.

[Rebekah cuts Damon's neck, he bleeds profusely. Klaus enters the room.]

Klaus: Well, look what you've caught. Trying to bleed him of vervain, don't you think it would be easier to hang him upside down?

Rebekah: I'm perfectly capable of inflicting pain, thank you very much.

Klaus: Well, excuse me, it's not like I have any expertise in the matter.

[Klaus rolls his eyes sarcastically.]

Rebekah: You know, why don't you just leave me be and go and manage your witch?

[Klaus grins and leaves. Rebekah turns back to Damon.]

Rebekah: Hmm, where were we?

[Klaus enters another room in the mansion.]

Klaus: Tick tock. I should hear chanting by now.

[Bonnie in the room, reading a grimoire.]

Bonnie: I'm still studying the unlinking spell. It's not that easy, especially under duress.

Klaus: You've been warned. If you're looking for a way to send for help, I will kill anyone who comes to your rescue.

Bonnie: This is the spell. I just don't know if I'm strong enough.

[Bonnie gets up and walks away from Klaus.]

Klaus: Then you should have a little more faith in yourself, Bonnie. [Klaus moves towards Bonnie.] Your energy helped my mother link us. Honestly, I think someone isn't trying very hard. Very well.

[Klaus pulls out his phone and calls Kol.]

Klaus: Kol. How's the weather up there in Mile High City? And how's our friend? May I see him?

[Klaus walks over to Bonnie and holds up his phone. She sees Jeremy playing with his dog.]

Klaus: There's Jeremy, playing fetch with his new puppy. Oh, isn't that just the most adorable thing you've ever seen? [He pulls the phone away.] Thank you Kol, we'll be in touch. [He hangs up.] So, Bonnie, how bout that spell?

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Caroline enters the library. Alaric is lying on the couch.]

Caroline: Hey. I hear you had a run in with Buffy the vampire.

Alaric: Yeah, I'll live. What are you doing here?

Caroline: Checking up on you. In case you're not you.

Alaric: I'm me.

Caroline: Well I guess not you would say that too. Which is why...

[Caroline shows him the bottle of herbs Alaric needs to take.]

Caroline: Elena said you have to drink this. I hope it tastes better than it smells.

[She hands him the bottle.]

Alaric: It doesn't.

[Alaric drinks the medicine.]

Alaric: Mmm. That's disgusting.

[He puts down the bottle.]

Caroline: It's either that or kill people, so. Elena told me everything.

[Alaric looks at her then looks away, avoiding her gaze. Caroline sits down.]

Alaric: Caroline.

[Alaric looks at Caroline.]

Alaric: I am so sorry. I don't even know what else I could say.

Caroline: Right after I turned into a vampire, I killed someone. A stranger. I just...killed him. And what's worse is I liked it. I have blood on my hands too, I mean we all do.

Alaric: Yeah, but the blood on my hands is your father's.

Caroline: Yeah, it is. And maybe the guy I killed was someone's father too. Look, all I know is, I'm no better than you. So, I'm going to take a page from the Elena Gilbert handbook and choose to believe that you can be saved. Okay?

Alaric: Okay.

 Mystic Grill 

[Elena walks up to Stefan who is standing outside looking at his phone.]

Elena: Hey. How is he?

Stefan: Hey. He's just banged up. Caroline's gonna stay with him and make sure Alaric stays Alaric. Matt texted me and said Finn is still in the Grill. We need to plan our next move.

Elena: Wait, wait, Rebekah has Damon; our next move should be finding him.

Stefan: No, we need to stay on point. See an Original, kill an Original. That's the plan.

Elena: Yeah, that was the plan before Damon's life was hanging in the balance.

Stefan: Look, Elena, I understand that you're concerned about my brother's life, but if he even knew, for one second, that we were talking about missing a chance to kill these people he would lose his mind.

Elena: Yeah, and if the roles were reversed he would stop everything to save you.

Stefan: I know what my brother would want.

Elena: What he would want and what we should do are two different things.

Stefan: You gonna help me with this or not?

[Elena stares at Stefan, scornfully.]

Stefan: Okay, I'll figure it out myself.

[Stefan leaves.]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Damon is weak and still in the trap. He hears someone approaching him. He sees a person enter the room. As they get closer, he sees it's Elena.]

Damon: What are you doing here? Rebekah will kill you.

Elena: Then hurry up and - and tell me what to do.

[Damon looks up at his wrists, trapped in the bear traps.]

Damon: Open them. Carefully.

[Elena opens one of the traps and grabs Damon, holding him up while she opens up the second one. Damon is too weak to move on his own, so Elena has to hold him up. They walk out of the room and down the hall. Damon starts to fall over and Elena urges him on.]

Elena: Damon. Come on, come on, we have to keep going. Damon.

[They make it to the parlor and Damon collapses on the floor, Elena falls down next to him.]

Elena: No. Look at me. Look at me.

[She grabs his face in her hands.]

Damon: Don't be an idiot, Elena.

Elena: I am not going to leave you. Damon? No. [Elena holds her wrist to his mouth.] Hey, hey. Drink.

[Damon bites her wrist and starts to feed. After a while he stops and looks at Elena. He moves in toward her and their foreheads touch. The whole thing was just a daydream. Damon is still stuck in the trap. He hears footsteps approaching.]

Damon: Uh, you bitch.

Rebekah: It's not fun when someone messes with your thoughts, is it?

Damon: Actually, I was having a pretty good time in there.

Rebekah: Mmm, well I hope you were nicer to Elena than you were to me.

Damon: Oh, come on, I couldn't have hurt you that bad. You didn't really think I had a thing for you, did you?

[Rebekah looks hurt.]

Damon: I get it. If Klaus bossed me around for a thousand years, I'd probably be pretty desperate for attention too.

[Rebekah stabs Damon in the stomach and he screams. Bonnie hears him in the other room and turns around.]

Bonnie: What was that?

Klaus: I wouldn't let it bother you, love.

Bonnie: Well, it does bother me. You bother me. Well, you use people to get what you want, it's not right.

Klaus: You're being emotional, Bonnie. I understand that things have been rough for you. You know, with your mother leaving. Again. It's very sad. I can help you find her, if you want. I have people who can find people who can bring her back to you. Or, if you choose I can just bring parts of her back. [Bonnie pushes Klaus away from her.] Isn't it obvious that I'm just gonna continue to hurt the people you love until you do the spell? Now, I know it's in the grimoire and I know it requires the blood of my siblings, so here we are.

[Klaus grabs a case and opens it. There are four bottles of blood within it. Klaus points to them.]

Klaus: Elijah. Rebekah. Kol. Finn.

[Klaus bites his hand and holds his bloody hand clenched in a fist and looks at Bonnie. Blood drips from his fist.]

Klaus: Where do you want this?

[Bonnie looks away and grabs a glass, holding it under Klaus's hand so his blood can drip into it]

 Mystic Grill 

[Finn and Sage are sitting at a table together.]

Sage: You've never had tequila before?

Finn: Mm-mm.

[Sage pours salt on Finn's wrist. Sage licks the salt off her wrist and shoots the tequila. Finn does the same. Stefan is sitting at the bar, listening to them.]

Finn: Happy now?

[Sage hands him a lime and he sucks on it.]

Finn: I'm truly awed by the evolution of mankind.

[Sage laughs. A man approaches their table.]

Troy: Hey Sage.

Sage: Hey Troy.

[Troy nods at Finn and leaves.]

Finn: You know him?

Sage: I turned him.

Finn: You turned him? Why?

Sage: Because I'm in enemy territory. When your brother and sister called, I thought I might need a little back up. You can't trust anyone here.

[Matt walks up to their table. Sage grabs his wrist.]

Sage: Two more tequilas?

Matt: Yeah, cool, I'll let your waitress know.

[Stefan is still at the bar. He pushes a tiny bottle of vervain to his side, which Matt grabs along with a coffee cup.]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Bonnie is starting the spell to unlink the Originals. She pours one of the vials of blood into the cup.]

 Mystic Grill 

Finn: How many people have you turned?

Sage: I don't know. A lot. Don't judge me, Finn, you turned me.

Finn: Exactly Sage, I turned you. My passion overtook my morals.

Sage: My passions overtake my morals on a daily basis. It's called living life to the fullest.

[Stefan is sending out a text saying "Get ready"]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Bonnie continues the spell. She has mixed all the siblings' blood and pours it onto the table.]

 Mystic Grill 

[The waitress places two tequila shots on Finn and Sage's table.]

Sage: Finally.

[Stefan gets up from the bar and leaves.]

Sage: Oh, thanks.

[Sage raises her shot glass.]

Sage: To living life to the fullest.

[Finn raises his shot glass and clinks it against hers.]

Finn: To living life.

[Sage laughs and they drink their shots. Suddenly, they spit them back up and start choking.]

Sage: Oh, what the hell?

Finn: Vervain.

[Finn turns his head and he and Sage see Stefan leaving. Stefan stops and stares at them, then walks out the door. Sage and Finn get up and go after him.]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[The blood starts to disperse into five different circles as Bonnie continues the spell.]

 Mystic Grill 

[Outside the Grill, Stefan hides around the corner. Finn and Sage exit the Grill. Stefan goes to stab Finn, but Sage grabs him and throws him down on the ground. The stake falls down the stairs.]

Sage: Finn, the stake!

[Finn runs down the stairs to grab the stake.]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[The flames flare up as Bonnie continues the spell. The large pool of blood has become five separate pools of blood that are moving away from each other.]

 Mystic Grill 

[Finn is about to grab the stake, when Elena and Matt burst out a back door. Elena shoots Finn in the stomach with the crossbow and Matt comes in and stabs him with another stake, directly in the heart.]

Sage: No!

[Sage rushes down the stairs to Finn's side. Matt and Elena go back in the building and close the door. Sage cries as she watches Finn die and strokes his face. Stefan looks down from the top of the stairs and then leaves.]

Sage: Finn, no.

[Finn's body catches fire and Sage backs up to the wall and continues to sob.]

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Bonnie has completed the spell. The pools of blood are completely separated. Klaus looks at her. Later, Rebekah comes out of a room, wiping blood off her hands. Klaus is escorting Bonnie out of the house.]

Rebekah: Aw, leaving so soon?

Klaus: Sister. Be nice.

Rebekah: Thank you, Bonnie. See you in physics class.

[Rebekah smiles and walks away, revealing Damon in the snares in the room Rebekah just walked out of.]

Bonnie: Oh my God.

Klaus: Yeah, you'll have to excuse the mess. Apparently Damon hurt her feelings. Go on, help him. Save the man who turned your mother into a vampire.

[Bonnie looks at Damon again.]

Bonnie: Just get me out of here.

Klaus: Very well.

[Klaus escorts Bonnie out.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan and Elena enter the library.]

Elena: Hey. How's Alaric?

Caroline: He'll be okay. I gave him a bottle of Bonnie's herbs and he went home. Oh, did you guys kill Finn, did it work?

Stefan: Nothing worked until I see Klaus's dead body myself.

[Elena's phone rings. She answers it. It's Bonnie.]

Elena: Bonnie. Where have you been?

Bonnie: Klaus has Damon.

Elena: Klaus should be dead. They should all be dead, we just killed Finn.

Bonnie: No, Elena, he forced me to do a spell that unlinked all the siblings. He's still alive.

Elena: Okay, Bonnie, where's Damon?

Bonnie: At Klaus' mansion. It's bad, Elena, he threatened Jeremy. And my mom.

[Bonnie starts to choke up.]

Elena: Are – are you okay?

Bonnie: I don't know. I'm sorry, I have to go. I just – I have to – I have to go.

[She hangs up.]

Elena: No, Bonnie just....

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Bonnie slides down the side of her car outside the mansion and starts to cry.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan is leaving for Klaus and Elena follows him.]

Stefan: Stay with Caroline. I'll call you when it's over.

Elena: Stefan, stop. Klaus is stronger than you, we need another plan.

Stefan: What we need is for Klaus to be dead.

[Elena grabs Stefan and turns him around.]

Elena: Stefan, stop it! You're acting on anger!

Stefan: Anger gets things done, Elena!

Elena: Or it'll get you killed! It'll get Damon killed along with you.

Stefan: Klaus does not get to survive this. Not after everything he took from me.

[Stefan walks out and slams the door. Elena flinches. Caroline enters the front hall.]

Caroline: I miss well-adjusted Stefan.

[Suddenly, the door flies open and Stefan is thrown through it. Sage enters the house.]

Sage: Ding dong.

[Caroline goes to attack her, but Sage throws her to the ground.]

Sage: I'm not here for you. I'm here for him.

[Elena runs to the front door, but Troy blocks her path.]

Troy: I don't think so.

[Sage approaches Stefan.]

Stefan: I had to kill him, Sage.

Sage: Oh, you remember me.

[She kicks Stefan and he flies into a chair.]

Sage: Good. Then you know I like to go all ten rounds.

[She starts to cough and her nose starts to bleed. Stefan looks up at her.]

Troy: Sage?

[Stefan gets to his feet. Sage throws a punch at Stefan, but Stefan grabs her fist and throws her to the ground. She starts coughing up blood.]

Sage: Troy, help me!

[Troy releases Elena and rushes over to Sage. He bends over and coughs up blood as well.]

Sage: What is happening to me?

[Sage and Troy die.]

Elena: She just died!

Caroline: So, Sage and this Troy guy die within an hour of Finn.

Elena: But why? Were they bitten by a hybrid or..?

Caroline: Hybrid bites don't look like that. Maybe Sage was so in love with Finn she just died of sadness.

Elena: No, that doesn't explain Troy.

Stefan: It's the blood. The bloodline. It has to be. Think about it: Finn turned Sage, Sage turned Troy. They're all part of the same vampire bloodline that originated with Finn.

Caroline: Wait, so when an Original dies every vampire turned from their bloodline dies along with them? Because that would mean...

Elena: If the Originals die, so do all of you. The entire vampire species would...it'd just be dead.

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Damon is still strung up by the traps. Stefan enters the room with a duffel bag.]

Damon: This was much different in my head.

Stefan: [Shouting.] Klaus, I'm here! Let's do this.

[Klaus and Rebekah enter.]

Klaus: Oh good, a hero. What do you want?

[Stefan drops the duffel bag with the stakes and Klaus's feet.]

Stefan: I'm here to make a deal.

Damon: Stefan, what are you doing?

Stefan: Eight stakes made of white oak. The part of Wickery Bridge that you forgot to burn.

[Klaus looks at Rebekah.]

Rebekah: That's impossible.

Stefan: Actually it's not. Finn is dead.

Rebekah: You killed my brother?

[Stefan looks at Klaus.]

Stefan: Damon in exchanged for the last eight weapons that can kill you.

Klaus: And how do I know there aren't any more left?

Stefan: Because there aren't.

Klaus: Let's be certain, shall we?

[Klaus walks over to Damon.]

Klaus: Leave.

Damon: No.

Klaus: Go on. Leave.

Rebekah: Nik, he's my plaything not yours.

[Klaus grabs Damon by the throat and compels him.]

Klaus: I said, go home.

[Damon starts to pull a wrist out from the snares, peeling the flesh off of it in the process. He screams in pain.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Caroline comes in from outside. Elena is sitting on the floor in the parlor, placing stuff back on the end table that was knocked off during the fight.]

Caroline: Vampire disposal. Not my strong suit. Uck. Where'd Stefan go?

Elena: Trading the stakes for Damon.

[Caroline sits down.]

Caroline: All of them?

Elena: No, not all of them. We still have uh- enough to kill three out of the four of them. If we can figure out who to save.

Caroline: How are we supposed to do that?

Elena: I have no idea. You were turned with Damon's blood, and Damon and Stefan were turned by Katherine, and we know that Katherine was turned by a vampire named Rose.

Caroline: Well, who turned Rose?

Elena: We don't know. But it can only link back to one Original and if the odds are in our favor, hopefully it won't be Klaus. So that we can still kill him.

[Caroline suddenly looks worried.]

Caroline: Elena.

[Caroline gets up.]

Caroline: Even if Klaus didn't create our bloodline, we know for a fact that he turned one of us.

Elena: Oh my God. Tyler. If we kill Klaus, then Tyler will die.

 Klaus's Mansion 

[Damon is still pulling himself out of the trap.]

Klaus: Alright, stop, stop, stop, before you hurt yourself. Well, seeing that he can finally be compelled. Now.

[Klaus grabs Damon by the throat and compels him again.]

Klaus: Minus the stake that's in my brother, how many more stakes are out there that can kill me?

Damon: Eleven.

Klaus: Eleven! Really? So, not eight then.

Rebekah: You really shouldn't have lied.

Stefan: I'll get you the other three.

Klaus: Yeah, that'll be nice. Or since you lied, maybe I'll just compel your brother to chew out his own tongue.

Stefan: What is wrong with you?

Klaus: What is wrong with you?! Do you really have no appreciation for me? I have given you someone to hate, to loathe, a target for all of your anger; so you don't have to turn it on yourself. I have given your life purpose, as your friend. [Klaus laughs.] I really think you should be thanking me.

[Stefan rushes at Klaus and pins him against a wall with a white oak stake in hand. Klaus grabs his wrist.]

Klaus: Step down, or you both die.

[Stefan loosens his grip and Klaus takes the stake.]

Klaus: There. Now you only have to get me the other two.

Rebekah: This is ridiculous.

[Rebekah walks over to Damon and releases him from the traps. Damon falls to his knees. Klaus walks over to her.]

Klaus: What are you doing?

Rebekah: I brought him here. I get to release him. My rules now. Bring us the stakes and you both live. Take your brother as a sign of good faith.

[Rebekah picks up the duffel bag with the stakes and leaves. Klaus looks at Stefan.]

Klaus: Bring us the stakes. All of them. Or I will wage a war against everyone you love. I hope I'm being clear.

[Klaus leaves. Later, Rebekah and Klaus are in the parlor, after the Salvatores have left.]

Rebekah: I can't believe Finn is dead.

Klaus: Good riddance. He was an embarrassment, Rebekah.

Rebekah: He was still your brother. Mind your tongue.

Klaus: Fine. Let's all say a prayer for Finn, who slept in a box longer than he lived as a man. He was a lovesick fool. He's better off in death.

[Rebekah walks over to Klaus.]

Rebekah: Is that how you would speak of me if I died?

Klaus: Well, you let the Salvatores loose with two stakes that can kill us, so I guess we'll find out soon enough. And since when did you have a soft spot for them?

Rebekah: The Salvatores may fight like dogs, but in the end they would die for each other. At least they know what family means. You destroyed ours.

Klaus: I wanted a family. They just didn't want me, and now we're unlinked we're no longer responsible for each other.

Rebekah: So are you leaving?

Klaus: As soon as I get my stakes, I'm gone. I'm gonna take Elena and use her blood to create a new family. Of hybrids.

Rebekah: And if I choose to stay?

Klaus: Then you're just as pathetic as Finn.

[Klaus leaves.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan is in his room, twirling one of the stakes around in his hand. Elena enters.]

Elena: Hey.

Stefan: Hey.

Elena: You haven't said much since you got back home.

Stefan: I'll be a ball of sunshine once Damon gets Alaric's stake back. Promise.

Elena: You really scared me today. You wouldn't have survived if you went up against Klaus on your own, you know that, right?

Stefan: Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore.

Elena: Why?

Stefan: Cause he's not worth it. All this time and energy that I've wasted hating him, it was for nothing. It's done, it's over. We lost. I'm right back where I started.

Elena: That's not true. Yeah, Klaus dragged you through hell, but you came out the other side. You beat him by being better than him.

Stefan: And what did I lose in the process?

[Stefan gets up and walks towards Elena.]

Stefan: Look, hating Klaus was easy. It allowed me to ignore everything that was happening around me. Everything I let slip away. Now I have to deal with that.

Elena: Stefan.

Stefan: No, no, just admit it. Admit it to me, Elena. I know you don't owe it to me, but I just need to hear you say it.

Elena: I...I can't, because it's not true, Stefan. I never stopped loving you.

Stefan: I know that. I know you didn't. Even though I did everything possible to push you away. It's my fault. It's all my fault. I mean, this is all my fault.

Elena: What are you talking about?

Stefan: I'm talking about the fact that you're also in love with Damon.

Elena: What? No, Stefan, I...

[Stefan caresses Elena's face and moves closer towards her.]

Stefan: Hey. I love you. I will always love you. I just want you to look me in the eye and tell me that you don't feel something for him.

[Elena hesitates.]

Elena: I- I don't know what I feel.

[Stefan drops his hand from Elena's face and looks at her. Without saying a word, he grabs the stake and leaves the room.]

 Alaric's Apartment 

[Damon knocks on the door. Alaric answers.]

Alaric: Ah, he's still alive.

Damon: Yeah, for now. I need your stake.

[Alaric goes over to a shelf and pulls back some books.]

Alaric: It's right behind these books here.

Damon: A bookshelf, really? At least I was trying to be clever about it.

Alaric: Where the hell is it?

Damon: Ha ha ha. Look harder, Ric.

Alaric: It's not here, Damon.

[Alaric and Damon search through the other shelves.]

Damon: Maybe you just forgot which shelf you put it on.

Alaric: No, I didn't forget. It's – I – I put it right here! A stake doesn't just vanish into thin air!

Damon: Who else did you tell, Ric?!

Alaric: I didn't tell anybody, Damon! I'm the only....

Damon: What?

Alaric: I'm the only one who knew about it, Damon.

Damon: No. Are you telling me that your vampire hating alter ego has a stake that can kill an entire line of vampires, possibly mine??

Alaric: That's exactly what I'm telling you.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


