


Under Control







Information


season
number




1
18






Navigation


previous
next




Let The Right One In
Miss Mystic Falls





Contents[show]
 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan is doing exercises in his bedroom. Damon enters with a glass of blood in his hands.]

Damon: Could you turn it up a little bit? It's not annoying yet.

Stefan: Sorry.

[Damon switches off the music.]

Damon: When are you going back to school?

Stefan: Soon.

[Stefan is on the floor, doing push-ups.]

Damon: Oh come on. Just drink already. Come on, this self-detox is not natural.

[He puts the glass next to Stefan.]

Stefan: Can you get that away from me please?

Damon: How long did it take you to wean yourself of it the last time you indulged?

[Stefan continues doing push ups.]

Damon: That's not good.

Stefan: I'll be fine; it just takes a little bit of time.

Damon: I don't get it; you know, you don't have to kill to survive. That's what blood banks are for. I haven't hunted in a human in...God way too long.

Stefan: Oh, I'm impressed.

Damon: It's completely self-serving. I'm trying to get the town off the trail of vampires which is not very easy considering that there is an entire tomb of them running around.

Stefan: What are we planning on doing about that?

Damon: We are not going to do much of anything if you don't have your strength. There's nothing wrong with partaking in a healthy diet of human blood from a blood bank. You're not actually killing anyone.

Stefan: I have my reasons.

Damon: Well, what are those holier-than-thou reasons? You know, we never actually discussed this. You know, I'd- I'd love to hear this story.

[Damon sits down on the couch.]

Stefan: You're really enjoying this, aren't you? Watching me struggle?

Damon: Very much so.

Stefan: I hate to break it to you Damon but...I actually have it under complete control.

Damon: You do? Well, then you should just carry on, making the rest of us vampires look bad.

[He gets up.]

Damon: Have a great day, Stefan.

[He leaves the glass of blood on the table. Stefan stares at the glass. Damon returns.]

Damon: Oh, hey, almost forgot something. Oops.

[He takes the glass and leaves. He drinks and relishes in the taste of the blood.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is walking out of the house.]

Elena: Come on Jeremy, going to school! Walking out the door now!

Jenna: Forgot this. (She gives her a thermos.)

Elena: Thank you.

[She opens the door, John is here, he was about to knock.]

John (with a smile): Elena!

Elena: Uncle John! Hi.

John (looking at Jenna): Jenna.

Jenna: John, you made it.

John: I said I'll be here before noon.

[He enters the house.]

Jenna: Oh what you say and what you do are typically two very different things.

[Jeremy comes down the stairs.]

Jeremy: Uncle John, what's up?

John: Hey!

[Jeremy slaps him on the shoulder and leaves.]

John: I had some business in town; I thought that a visit was in order.

Elena: How long are you staying?

John: I don't know yet.

Elena: Okay, well, I'm gonna go to school, I'll see you later.

[She leaves; Jenna looks at her and closes the door.]

John: So what's up with Jeremy?

Jenna: He just lost a friend, so try to be sensitive.

John (laughing): I'm always sensitive.

Jenna: Right, so really how long are you staying?

John: Can you at least pretend that you're happy to see me?

Jenna (joking): Oh my god John! It's so good to see you. How have you been? (She becomes serious again.): No, I can't.

John: Do you really think that I was just gonna sign the escrow papers and send them back?

Jenna: Actually I did.

John: I'm not going to let you sell my brother's office.

Jenna: It's not up to you or me; it belongs to Jeremy and Elena.

John: Yeah but they're minors, so I get the final say, being that I'm the estate's trustee.

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Matt and Elena are in the hallway.]

Elena: He said his trip is open ended.

Matt: Uncle John, I never really liked that guy.

Elena: Does anyone?

Matt: I'm here for moral support if you need me.

Elena: Thanks, I think I'll suffer this one alone; you've been through enough.

Matt: Thank you by the way, for just...for everything you did at Vicki's funeral and the memorial. I couldn't have done it without you.

Elena: Of course Matt.

[Long pause, they look at each other.]

Elena: So, was Caroline still baking for you guys, around the clock?

Matt: She finally went to her dad, which is a good thing because my mom was going to strangle her if she dropped off one more lasagna.

[He closes his locker and they leave.]
[Jeremy is outside, sitting on a couch, listening to music. Tyler arrives and sits down next to him. He offers him a joint.]

Jeremy: Nah.

Tyler: What's your problem?

Jeremy: I just don't want any.

Tyler: All right. They say she OD'd.

Jeremy: That's what I don't get, she was doing okay.

Tyler: Apparently not.

Jeremy: How did she end up buried in the woods? That's what I don't understand.

Tyler: By whoever was with her when she OD'd.

Jeremy: Yeah but you leave her, you don't take the time to bury her.

Tyler: Maybe she saw something and...Hell man, I don't know.

 Founders' Hall 

[Damon arrives and meets the rest of the council for a reunion.]

Sheriff Forbes: The coroner's office has officially ruled Vicki Donovan's death a drug overdose. Her family has been notified, the truth will stay in this room and we can put this behind us.

Mayor Lockwood: Thank you Sheriff. And on to a more pressing issue, John Gilbert has asked to say a few words.

[Damon seems surprised.]

Mayor Lockwood: Welcome back John, it's good to see you.

John: Hello everyone, it's wonderful to see you, I wish it were under better circumstances. As a founding family member I find it's my duty to report some very distressing news.

[Damon speaking discretely to the Sheriff.]

Damon: He's a Gilbert?

Sheriff Forbes: Elena's uncle. His name is John but I call him Jackass.

John: A hospital blood bank in the neighboring county of Amherst has reported several break ins over the past two weeks. 7 hunters, 4 campers and 2 states employees have been reported missing as well. All of this within a 75-mile radius of Mystic Falls.

[Mayor Lockwood interrupts him.]

Mayor Lockwood: Okay okay, no need to get alarmed right at this moment.

Sheriff Forbes (To Damon): Meaning he doesn't want to cancel the Founders' Day Kick-off Party.

John: You think all of your problems are over but I'm here to tell you, nothing's been solved.

[Damon seems uncomfortable.]

 Mystic Falls High School 

[Alaric is in his classroom with Elena.]

Alaric: I made a copy of a paper Jeremy wrote for me. I think you should take a look at it.

[He gives the paper to Elena. She reads the title: "Fact or Fiction: The Truth About Vampires in Mystic Falls".]

Elena: Jeremy wrote this?

Alaric: He's very clear that he didn't think it was real.

Elena: I really hope you're right because I've done so much to protect him from all of this.

[She gives him back the paper.]

Alaric: So, how do you deal with it?

Elena: What do you mean?

Alaric: With all the lies and the secrets. You have to lie to everyone who's important to you.

Elena: It's not safe for them to know the truth. So, yes I keep it from them, but it's only because I love them.

[Long pause.]

Alaric: I think Stefan is a good guy. But at the end of the day he's still a vampire.

Elena: I know it's hard to understand but Stefan is different. He would never do anything to hurt me.

 Gilbert Residence 

[John and Jeremy are eating in the kitchen. Jenna is here too.]

Jeremy: I've no interest in the Founders' Day Kick-off Party.

John: Sure you do its tradition.

Jenna: It will be our role to break the tradition.

John: The Gilberts have been a part of this town for a hundred and fifty years. We're one of the founding families and with that distinction comes certain obligations including going to the party. One day, when you can appreciate the significance, I'll tell you all about your heritage.

Jenna: Hmm, the Gilbert family legacy. I forgot how sacred it was. I'm not a Gilbert so I was never cool enough to hear it.

Jeremy (To John): Why does she hate you?

John: We used to sleep together.

[Jenna throws a bag at him.]

Jenna: I'm standing right here.

[Elena is in her bedroom with Stefan.]

Elena: Why would he write a report on vampires? Do you think he's starting to remember?

Stefan: Damon took away those memories for good, you don't have to worry about that. I tell you what: why don't you just ask him?

Elena: I...I can't.

Stefan: Why not? I mean if he doesn't know anything then it's just an innocent question.

Elena: I don't even know how to talk to him anymore. I mean, we used to be a lot more open with each other. But now, with all these secrets just piling up...You know, I haven't even told him that I am adopted yet.

Stefan: Maybe it's time you start opening up to him. I'm not saying you should tell him everything but at least try to find out what he does know and be prepared for it.

[She rubs his shoulder.]

Elena: What about you, how are you doing?

Stefan: Much, much better. I'm still, you know...a little jittery, a little bit on edge but I'm gonna be okay.

Elena: I've been really worried about you and I missed you.

Stefan: I just needed to lay low for a little while and let my body readjust. It's only been a few days.

Elena: It feels like a lifetime.

[They kiss each other.]

Stefan: I've missed you too.

[They start kissing more passionately. Stefan lays Elena down on the bed. Elena rolls over and lays on top of Stefan. Stefan, somewhat aggressively, rolls her back over so he's on top. He stops kissing her. ]

Elena: Stefan, what's wrong? Stefan?

[His face starts transforming. He throws himself back against the wall, breaking a lamp in the process.]
[Someone knocks on the door. Elena opens it. It's Damon.]

Elena: Oh good you're here.

Damon: You ask I come. I'm easy like that.

[Elena points upstairs. Damon sees Jeremy eating in the kitchen.]

Damon (loud): No Elena, I will not go to your bedroom with you.

[She catches his arm. He laughs and go upstairs with her. Jeremy looks at them. Elena and Damon enter her bedroom.]

Damon: Ah, just like I remember.

Elena: Stop messing around.

[He goes to her bed, takes the teddy bear off the pillow, lays on her bed and holds the teddy bear on his chest.]

Damon: Did you know that your uncle has been kicking it with the Founders' Council?

Elena: What?

Damon: Yep.

Elena: Perfect, we'll just add it to the growing list of how everything is falling apart.

[Damon notices the broken lamp and points an arm of the teddy bear towards it.]

Damon: What happened right there?

Elena: Uh...nothing.

[She seems uncomfortable. He looks at her.]

Elena: Look Damon, I'm worried about Stefan. He says that everything's okay but he's clearly struggling. How long is it gonna take before he goes back to normal?

Damon: A few days, give or take.

Elena: It's been a few days.

Damon: Give then, I don't know. What's the big deal?

[He gets up and gives her the teddy bear.]

Elena: He's not himself, Damon.

[Damon goes toward the dresser, opens the drawer and looks in it.]

Damon: Well, maybe his problem is that he has spent too long not being himself.

[He takes a bra from the drawer. Elena takes it from him and put it back in the drawer.]

Elena: Please don't make me sorry for asking you.

[He takes a picture from the mirror; she tries to take it back but is too slow.]

Damon: It is what it is Elena. The Stefan you know was "good behavior Stefan", ‘reign it in Stefan", "fight against his nature into an annoying excessive level Stefan" but if you think there isn't another part to this then you have not been paying attention.

[He pouts at Elena as if ready to kiss her, but instead Elena takes back the picture.]

Elena: He's not you, not even close.

Damon: Well, he doesn't want to be me. That doesn't mean that deep down though he's not.

[He gets closer to her, looks at her and leaves.]

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Stefan is looking for a book. He seems to be stressed. He roughly pours himself a glass of whiskey and drinks it.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy is in his bedroom. Someone knocks on the door. It's Elena.]

Elena: Hey.

Jeremy: What's up?

Elena: Do you have some time to talk?

Jeremy: Uh, yeah, sure.

Elena: Not here. Come on. Let's get out of the house.

 Lake 

[Elena and Jeremy are walking.]

Jeremy: I just can't believe mom and dad never told you that you were adopted.

Elena: I'm sure they would have eventually.

Jeremy: Why were you worried about what I thought?

Elena: Because...I don't know. It's weird. Going you're whole life thinking you're related by blood to someone.

Jeremy: Does it bug you that we're not?

Elena: No, Jer...you're my brother, that's all that matters.

[He smiles.]

Elena: So, Mr. Saltzman said you've been doing great in history now.

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah he's really been helping me out. He gave me some extra credit and stuff.

Elena: He loved your vampire paper.

Jeremy: He thought I had a clever angle.

Elena: What drew you to that subject matter?

Jeremy: I don't know, boredom or maybe I'm just as nuts as the long line of Gilbert crazies.

Elena: Gilberts aren't crazy.

Jeremy: Easy for you to say, you're not one.

[She stops.]

Elena: Ouch.

[She hits him with her shoulder and runs after him.]

 Founders' Hall 

[Founders' Day 150 Year Anniversary Kick-off Party.]
[Stefan and Damon are arrive.]

Stefan: Oh god! I shouldn't be here.

Damon: Come on, don't be a downer, it's a party for the founding families! That would be us. That would be rude to skip it.

Stefan: I really liked you a whole lot better when you hated everybody.

Damon: Oh I still do. I just love that they love me.

[He laughs and looks at Stefan.]

Damon: How are you feeling?

Stefan: I'm good, I'm fine.

Damon: No cravings? No urges? Is that whiskey you've been drinking all day doing its job?

[Stefan laughs.]

Damon: We are who we are Stefan. Nothing's gonna change that.

Stefan: Ah! Nothing will make you happier to just see me given up hein Damon?

Damon: Whatever, it's inevitable.

Stefan: Well, I'm gonna find Elena.

[He leaves.]

Damon: Don't embarrass me young man!

[Stefan, while walking through the hall, smoothly takes a glass of whiskey, throws away the straw, drinks it, and sets the glass down.]
[Mayor Lockwood and Tyler are talking with Matt and Kelly.]

Mayor Lockwood: I'm so glad you could join us tonight.

Kelly: It was nice of you to reach out to us.

Mayor Lockwood: This town is one big family, when we lose a member we all have to come together.

[He takes their hands.]

Mayor Lockwood: Matt.

Matt: Mayor.

[Mayor Lockwood looks at his son and leaves, he leaves too.]

Kelly: Well I guess dead kid rates a special greeting from the mayor, huh?

Matt: God, mom!

Kelly: I need a drink.

[She leaves. Tyler arrives with a full bottle of bourbon whiskey.]

Tyler: Check it out!

Matt: Your dad is going to beat you down if he catches you.

Tyler: Yeah. Let him try.

Matt: Screw it.

[He takes the bottle and drinks.]
[Stefan is at the bar drinking. Elena arrives. He sees her, puts the glass on the bar and waves to her.]

Elena: Hey!

Stefan: Hey. How are you?

[He kisses her on the cheek.]

Elena: Are you drunk?

Stefan: Okay, I know it's a little weird but it's really helping me. The alcohol takes the edge off.

Elena: You're totally that drunk high school guy at parties sneaking booze.

Stefan: I totally am, yeah.

Elena: How worried do I need to be?

Stefan: Oh no! You don't need to be worried. It's just until the cravings go away. Listen, I think we should enjoy it while it lasts. Would you like to dance with me?

Elena: You hate dancing. I usually have to beg you.

Stefan: No, no, no you have to beg the sober me. The drunk me there is no begging necessary.

[She looks at the dance floor.]

Elena: There's really no one dancing.

Stefan: That's because they need something better to dance to. I'll be right back.

[He leaves and Kelly arrives.]

Kelly: Yeah...That's not gonna work. I already tried to bribe the guy with 20 bucks and a date. He said Carol Lockwood has complete control over the music choices.

[Elena looks at Stefan. He is compelling the DJ.]

Elena: You'd be surprised what Stefan can accomplish when he puts his mind to it.

[The music changes.]

Kelly: Thank God!

[Kelly is dancing with Stefan. Damon rejoins Elena at the bar and looks at Stefan.]

Damon: Have I entered an alternate universe where Stefan is fun?

Elena: Is he gonna be okay?

Damon: Eventually. One way or another.

[They look at each other, and then they watch Stefan. Damon smiles.]
[Elena and Jenna are laughing together. Elena sees Alaric.]

Elena: History teacher three o'clock.

Jenna: How do I look?

Elena: Beautiful.

[Alaric rejoins them.]

Alaric (to Jenna): I was looking for you.

Jenna: Here I am. I haven't seen you in a while.

Alaric: Well uh...(He looks at Elena) Things have been a little crazy but I'm here now. Do you want to get a drink?

Jenna: Sure.

Alaric: Okay.

[They look at Elena and leave. Matt arrives.]

Matt: When did this happen?

Elena: DJ had a change of heart.

Matt: Do you want to dance?

Elena: I don't know.

Matt: Yes.

Elena: Matt!

[He catches her waist and makes her dance.]
[Damon is walks to another part of the hall and rejoins the Sheriff.]

Damon: You know I love a woman in uniform but I have to side with this one. You look...you look smashing.

[She laughs.]

Sheriff Forbes: Thank you Damon. Cheers! (They clink glasses.) I needed that. You know I had my doubts about you at first but like everyone else on the council you've won me over.

Damon: Thanks Liz. It's really nice how welcoming the council has been. I like my life here in Mystic Falls. Starting to feel like home again.

Sheriff Forbes: Well, you're not gonna like what I have to tell you. Johnathan Gilbert's claims check out. Blood bank, the missing people, all of it's true. We might have a problem.

[Jeremy arrives and interrupts them.]

Jeremy: Excuse me Sheriff. I was curious if there's been any more information about what happened to Vicki Donovan?

Sheriff Forbes: It was an overdose, Jeremy.

Jeremy: Yeah, but her body was buried. Somebody must have done that.

[Damon is really uncomfortable.]

Sheriff Forbes: We're aware of that. The investigation is ongoing but there's nothing more I can tell you at this time. I'm sorry.

Jeremy: It's okay.

[Elena and Matt are dancing. He leaves. Elena falls into Stefan.]

Stefan: Please dance with your alcoholic vampire boyfriend.

[They dance and Elena accidentally runs into a man.]

Man: Wow! Watch it!

Elena: I'm sorry, my fault. I'm clumsy.

Man: Then get off the dance floor.

Elena: Excuse me?

Stefan: That no way to talk to a lady.

Man: Whatever.

[He turns to leave but Stefan catches his arm and compels him.]

Stefan: I think you need to apologize.

Man: I'm sorry.

[He starts to leave, but Stefan grabs him again.]

Stefan: Now say it like you mean it.

Man: I'm really, really sorry.

Elena: Stefan, it's fine.

Stefan: Now walk away.

[He pushes him. The man leaves. Elena touches Stefan's arm.]

Stefan: (He touches Elena's face.) You alright?

[Elena nods.]
[Damon is at the bar. Elena joins him.]

Elena: Have you noticed what your brother has been up to?

Damon: No, I have been too preoccupied with yours.

[She looks at him.]

Damon: Jeremy has been asking questions about Vicki Donovan's death.

Elena: He knows that her death was ruled an overdose.

Damon: Really? (Imitating Jeremy.) "Oh but sheriff, someone buried her. Who would do that?" I know I know! Me! I mean I could compel him but he's wearing vervain.

Elena: No, I don't want you to compel him.

Damon: If he keeps asking questions...

Elena: Damon, no I'm serious. I'm not going to do that to him again. I'll handle it.

[Damon takes a rose, smells it, and gives it to her.]

Damon: Okay. Don't say I didn't warn you.

[She takes the rose, they look at each other and he leaves.]
[Kelly finishes her drink and puts the glass in a plant. Tyler looks at her.]

Tyler: I saw that.

Kelly: Shh! We'll keep that between you and me. Where is the ladies' room?

Tyler: This way, I'll show you.

Kelly (seeing his glass): Is that soda?

Tyler: Um...

[She takes his glass and drinks.]

Kelly: Vodka. Thank god!

[Damon is on the balcony. John joins him.]

John: Damon, right?

Damon: John.

John: We didn't get the chance to meet at the council meeting.

Damon: Yeah. It's a pleasure. Are you enjoying the kick-off?

John: Oh yeah. I forgot how much fun these small town celebrations can be.

Damon: Yeah. When was the last time you were here?

John: Hasn't been that long, my brother's funeral. How long have you been in town?

Damon: Oh, not long at all.

John: So what do you think Damon? You know this vampire problem is real, right? It's a potential blood bath.

Damon: I wouldn't overreact John.

John: Oh, I think it's like 1864 all over again, vampires running amok. I guess we're just gonna have to hunt them down, throw them in a church and burn them to ash.

Damon: That's the story, huh?

John: Part of the story, yeah.

Damon: Oh, there's more?

John: Oh, there's a lot more. See, it seems there was a tomb under the church, where vampires were hidden, waiting for someone to come along and set them free. But then you already knew that didn't you?

[Damon doesn't look at him. He's uncomfortable.]

John: I mean, you're the one that did it.

Damon: And you're telling me this why?

John: I just thought we get the introductions out of the way.

Damon: You know that I could rip your throat out before anyone would notice?

John: Yeah.

Damon: Yeah, okay. But you probably ingest vervain so...

John: Why don't you take a bite to find out?

Damon (smiling): It's not worth my time.

[They look at each other and smile. Damon starts to leave but he rushes towards John, breaks his neck, and throws him off the balcony.]
[Jeremy is sitting on a couch in a quiet, dimly-lit room. Elena rejoins him.]

Elena: Jer? I heard about your conversation with Sheriff Forbes.

Jeremy: No one is trying to figure out what happened to her. They all want to believe that she OD'd.

Elena: The coroner's office confirmed it. If that's what they said happened then...

Jeremy: Is that what you believe?

Elena: What do you think happened?

Jeremy: I think somebody killed her and buried her body and I don't think we should write it off just ‘cause it's easy.

Elena: They're just doing what they can to move on.

Jeremy: The truth is the only thing that's gonna help people to move on.

Elena: Jer, just let it go, okay? Whatever it was she's gone now.

Jeremy: Whatever it was? So you don't think it was an overdose?

Elena: Yes...I do.

Jeremy: Is there something you're not telling me?

[Elena is really uncomfortable.]

Jeremy: Why aren't you looking at me?

Elena: Stop it, that doesn't mean anything.

Jeremy: If there was something else you would tell me, right?

[Long pause.]

Elena: Of course I would.

[Jeremy looks at her, suspicious.]
[Kelly and Tyler are outside. They laugh and are a little bit drunk.]

Kelly: Oh god! I can't even walk.

Tyler: I know, me neither.

Kelly: Oh my god, Matt is going to kill me.

Tyler: He won't even notice. I think he's actually letting himself have some fun for once.

Kelly: Yeah, I know I just should be on my best behavior because of Vicki but I don't want to think about it. I can't, because if I do...

Tyler: Yeah, I was a dick to her, I was really bad. That's what I hate is I can't make any of it right. It's like I don't deserve to even miss her.

[Kelly touches him.]

Kelly: You're nice to talk to me. I don't have anyone to talk to.

[Long pause during which they are looking each other.]

Tyler: I don't have anyone to talk to either.

[She leans a little closer and smiles.]
[Elena is walking through the hallway and Matt comes up to her.]

Matt: Who knew I've been missing all the fun at the Founders' parties?

Elena: This is rare, believe me.

Matt: Is it bad that I'm enjoying myself?

Elena: No, it's great that you are enjoying yourself. Thanks for making me dance.

Matt: Hey, it's normal.

[They embrace each other.]

Matt: Air, I need some air. Come with me?

[Elena looks at Stefan. He's drinking.]

Elena: Sure.

Matt: You haven't seen my mom have you?

Elena: No, not in a while.

[She looks at Stefan again. They go out. Elena sees Kelly and Tyler.]

Elena: Oh my god.

[Kelly and Tyler are kissing. Matt rushes over to them and catches Tyler.]

Matt: What the hell are you doing man?

Kelly: Matt?!

Matt (screaming): Mom!!!!

Tyler: Whoa dude calm down.

[Matt punches Tyler in the face. They begin to fight and in the fight Kelly gets pushed to the floor. Tyler hits Matt again and again and again.]

Elena: Matt! Stop it! Tyler! Stop it, you're hurting him! Somebody help us.

[Alaric arrives, pulls Tyler off Matt and pushes him against a wall.]

Alaric: What the hell is that?

[Elena is going toward Matt. The Mayor arrives.]

Mayor Lockwood: I'll take it from here; I'll take it from here (To Tyler): Are you hurt? Go get cleaned up. It's okay. Go get cleaned up.

[Tyler leaves.]

Mayor Lockwood (to Alaric): Thank you for your help.

[Elena helps Matt.]

Mayor Lockwood (to the guests): Everything's fine. Everything is fine. Come on, everybody, back to the party. Let's go. Come on, have a good time!

[Elena is with Matt, he is bleeding a lot.]

Elena: Are you okay?

Matt: Where is she?

Elena: I don't know. Put your head up.

[She looks at his face.]
[Stefan is still drinking, Damon arrives.]

Damon: You wanna hear the bad news or the really bad news?

Stefan: Actually, I don't want any news Damon.

Damon: Alright, let me rephrase. Do you want to hear how the council is back in vampire mode or how I just killed Uncle John Gilbert?

Stefan: What?

Damon: Great party by the way, huh?

[He smiles and leaves. Stefan goes after him.]

Stefan: Damon.

[Stefan suddenly stops. He sees Kelly crying and bleeding. He approaches her.]

Stefan: Is everything alright?

Kelly: No. I ruined it, I always ruin it. What is wrong with me?

[Stefan slowly kneels down to her eye level and stares at the blood coming out of Kelly's forehead. He touches the blood on her forehead.]

Kelly: What are you doing?

[He finally comes around.]

Stefan: Uh, I'm sorry.

[He gets up and leaves. Outside, he looks down at his hand with the blood on it, walks to a fence and leans on it. He licks the blood off of his finger.]
[Damon is inside. Suddenly he sees John Gilbert entering.]

Damon: You got to be kidding me.

[Later, Mayor Lockwood is talking to the crowd.]

Mayor Lockwood: Thank you all, thank you very much, thank you. Thank you all for joining us tonight in just a few moments we will officially begin the countdown to our upcoming Founders' Day celebration and it's a very special one this year. The one hundred and fiftieth birthday of our town.

[A bell on a table is wheeled next to him.]

Mayor Lockwood: And...and I would like to welcome back one of our town favorite's sons to do the honors of ringing our official charter bell. John Gilbert, would you please join me up here?

[John Gilbert applause and rejoins the mayor. Damon is looking at him.]

John: One hundred and fifty years of community, prosperity, family. We take care of each other, we look after each other, protect each other (He looks at Damon.) It's good to be home.

[Everyone applauds, Damon rejoins Alaric.]

Damon: Look at his right hand.

Alaric: Whose?

Damon: Towns favorite's son. Look at his ring.

[John rings the bell and it can be seen that he wears the same ring that Alaric wears.]

Alaric: Well, it looks like mine.

Damon: Yeah, and that would be a big coincidence if he didn't just came back from the dead five minutes ago. Where the hell did you get that ring?

Alaric: Isobel, my wife.

Damon: Who gave birth to Elena, under the medical care of the esteemed DR Grayson Gilbert, John's brother!

[They look at John.]

Alaric: Do you think John knew Isobel?

Damon: I think John knows a lot of things.

[Stefan is in the parking lot. He leaves but he falls into the man he compelled earlier. The man pushes him.]

Man: Sorry about that man. I really am terribly sorry.

Stefan: You don't want to do this man.

[The man pushes him again.]

Man: I'm sorry about that too. All I can do is apologize. What's that about?

Stefan: Get out of my way. Please.

Man: No girl to show off for now? I see what how this is.

[He tries to punch Stefan but Stefan catches mid-flight, crushes it slowly, and pushes the man on the floor. His face changes.]

Man: What are you, man?

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy goes up the stairs and goes into Elena's bedroom, he looks everywhere but he doesn't find what he is looking for. He finally looks behind the painting and find Elena's diary. He begins to read it. One page contains "But how can I deny it?" and "Bodies drained of blood". Another page contains "Take away Jeremy's pain..." and another "...that Vicki was a monster?"]

 Founders' Hall 

[Stefan is above the man, looking at him. The man is on the floor, unconscious. He leaves at vamp-speed when he hears Elena.]

Elena: Stefan? Stefan? (She sees the man on the ground and runs over to him.) Hey! Are you okay? What happened?

[The man gets up.]

Man: My arm. I lost my balance and fell. I'm clumsy.

[Tyler is alone when the Mayor arrives.]

Mayor Lockwood: Let's go.

Tyler: Dad, I'm sorry. I don't even know what happened. I was drinking and...I lost control. I can't explain it.

[The mayor slaps him in the face.]

Mayor Lockwood: That is the last time you ever embarrass this family.

 Donovan Residence 

[Matt is packing his mother's suitcase. Kelly arrives.]

Kelly: What are you doing? Matt don't.

Matt: I can't do it anymore mom so just go alright? You've done it before. More times than I can count.

Kelly: I'm not leaving you. Matty!

Matt (screaming): Mom!!! Don't you get it? I'm better off without you.

[She cries.]

Kelly: No, tonight was...God, I'm so sorry. I know I failed you and I failed Vicki but I won't do it to you again. I promise I'll get it together.

Matt: I want you out of the house and my life by morning.

[Matt leaves. Kelly is crying.]

 Founders' Hall 

[John is leaving. Damon and Alaric follow him.]

Damon: Going somewhere, hm?

John: I've never liked to be the last one to leave a party. It's too desperate. You're going to kill me again or you're gonna let Mr. Saltzman do your dirty work?

Alaric: Okay, you obviously know who I am.

John: I do. Alaric Saltzman, a high school history teacher with a secret.

Damon: Sure know a lot for someone who just got to town.

John: More than you can imagine, Damon. My knowledge of this town goes beyond anything that you (He looks at Damon) or you (He looks at Alaric) or the council knows. So, if you're planning on some clever high speed snatch ring vamp kill move, know that if I die, everything I know goes to the council including the fascinating little tale of the originals Salvatore brothers and their present day return to Mystic Falls.

[Damon is surprised and doesn't know what to say.]

Alaric: How did you get that ring?

John: I had inherited one, my brother Gray had the other. This was his (He shows his ring to them) and I wouldn't have given mine to Isobel if I had known she'd hand it over to another guy.

Damon: So you did know her?

John: Who do you think send her your way when she wanted to become a vampire?

Damon: You sent her?

John: Guilty. Why, did you think someone else send her? Maybe Katherine Pierce?

Damon: How do you know about Katherine?

John: How do I know anything Damon?

Damon: What do you want?

John: So many questions. It was a pleasure meeting you, Ric. I've heard so much about you.

[John leaves. Damon and Alaric look at each other and watch him.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jenna and Elena are walking up the stairs.]

Jenna: Not so excited that we have another month of these Founders' Day events.

Elena: Tell me about it.

[She goes into Jeremy's bedroom.]

Elena: Are you okay?

Jeremy: Fine.

Elena: Are you sure?

Jeremy: I'm fine Elena.

[She leaves and goes into her bedroom. Stefan is there.]

Elena: Oh my god you scared me!

Stefan: Sorry. I'm sorry that I ran off earlier.

Elena: What happened? Is everything okay?

Stefan: Uh, no.

Elena: Talk to me.

[She closes the bathroom door and rejoins Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan, tell me.

Stefan: I tried so hard to keep it together tonight and it was working, it was working but then Matt's mom, she got hurt and she was bleeding and I had her blood on my hands.

Elena: And then what happened?

Stefan: And then that guy in the parking lot, I wanted to feed on him and it took everything inside of me not to do it.

Elena: But you didn't?

Stefan: No, but I wanted to. Elena, my head is pounding. I feel like my skin is on fire. I have this hunger inside of me that I've never felt before in my entire life and all I keep thinking about is how I promised that I would never keep anything from you, and so I'm telling you this.

Elena: That's okay; I need you to tell me these things.

Stefan: But I don't want you to see me like this, I don't want you to know that this side of me exists.

Elena: Stefan, you're gonna get through this. I'm gonna help you pull through. It's gonna be okay, you're gonna be okay.

[She takes his face between her hands but he rejects her and gets up.]

Stefan: No, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry, I can't, I'm afraid of what I could do to you.

Elena: I'm not.

[She goes towards him and takes again his face between her hands.]

Elena: Stefan, I'm not.

[She looks into his eyes and kisses him.]

Elena: I'm not, okay?

[They embrace each other.]

Stefan: I love you so much.

Elena: I love you too.

 Salvatore Boarding House 

[Damon is on the couch, in front of the fire, a glass of blood in his hand. Stefan arrives.]

Damon: We have a problem Stefan and when I say problem I mean global crisis. It seems Uncle John has...

[He looks at Stefan, he's not okay.]

Damon: You don't look so good. Its different this time, isn't it? The need is too strong. Of course it would be after all these years.

[He puts the glass of blood on the table, looks at Stefan and gets up. He touches his shoulder and looks at him.]

Damon: Have a good night brother.

[He leaves. Stefan looks at the glass; he takes it and drinks the blood.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


