



The Departed







Information


season
number




3
22






Navigation


previous
next




Before Sunset
Growing Pains





Contents[show]
 Gilbert Residence (Past) 

[Elena's radio alarm clock goes off at 6:45 in the morning. She turns up the music and gets out of bed. She pulls her hair up into a ponytail and dances a bit in front of the mirror. She grabs her pom poms and throws them onto the window seat where her cheerleader uniform is laid out. After changing into her uniform, Elena walks downstairs and into the kitchen where Aunt Jenna is making coffee.]

Jenna: Hey.

Elena: Jeremy locked himself in the bathroom again. Does he think we don't know what he's doing in there?

Jenna: He's fourteen. They don't think.

[Elena grabs the coffee pot, but Jenna takes it back.]

Jenna: Hey! You'll get me in trouble.

[Miranda walks into the kitchen.]

Miranda: Good morning.

Elena: Morning, mom.

[Miranda kisses Elena on the cheek.]

 Mystic Falls Hospital 

[Elena wakes up in a hospital bed at night and looks around. Later when she's asleep, Meredith and Jeremy are outside her room, observing her.]

Meredith: She's gonna be fine. She got a little banged up today, hit her head, but it was just a slight concussion, nothing to worry about.

Jeremy: But she collapsed, there was blood.

Meredith: Honestly, Jeremy, she's okay. She's just...she's been through a lot. Is there anyone you want to call?

 Road 

[Damon and Stefan are driving towards the Atlantic to dump Klaus' body. Jeremy has called them from the hospital.]

Damon: You did what?

Jeremy: I took her to the hospital. When you find your sister unconscious, you call 911.

Damon: Not when you have a parade of vampires at your disposal!

Stefan: Every remaining Original is gonna want Elena dead to stop Alaric. She's a sitting duck in there.

Jeremy: Well, Meredith wants to keep her here for observation.

Damon: Jeremy, get Elena home, we're on our way.

[Damon hangs up on him.]

Damon: Have I told you lately how much I appreciate you not being the dumbest brother on Earth?

Stefan: You know one of us needs to keep moving, right? If Klaus really is the sire of our bloodline, we need to keep his body hidden before Alaric finds him, kills him, and we all end up dead.

Damon: Our life is one, big, proverbial coin toss.

 Mystic Falls Hospital 

[Meredith enters her office and is startled by the sight of Alaric sitting at her desk.]

Alaric: Hello, Meredith.

Meredith: What are you doing here?

Alaric: I'm Elena's guardian. I thought it was strange I didn't get a phone call.

Meredith: How did you find out?

Alaric: I have eyes and ears everywhere now. It's funny, the people of this town are actually good at their jobs when you allow them to be. Speaking of, you are a little too good at your job.

[Alaric gets up and opens a mini fridge. He pulls out a rack of test tubes filled with vampire blood.]

Alaric: But that's because you cheat. So, I found your stash of vampire blood.

[Alaric opens the test tubes and starts pouring the blood onto her desk.]

Meredith: No, stop it! No, don't do that, stop it!

[Alaric empties the last tube of vampire blood on her desk.]

Alaric: The Council will be in touch with the medical board to have your license suspended. Mayor Lockwood and Sheriff Forbes are being relieved of their duties. I'm getting this town back under control. [He takes Elena's medical folder out of Meredith's hands.] And you will be releasing Elena to my custody.

[Alaric signs the paperwork and hands it back to a distraught Meredith. He exits the room and walks towards Elena's hospital room. He enters it and finds the bed empty.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Tyler and Matt open the front door. Caroline walks in behind them with her arm wrapped around Elena, helping her into the house.]

Caroline: Couch.

Elena: I'm fine. I just...I want something to eat first.

Tyler: We're on it, as soon as we make sure no one is lurking in the closets.

[Tyler and Matt walk upstairs. Caroline leads Elena to the couch.]

Caroline: All right, couch, now!

Elena: Uhh, I told you I'm fine.

[Caroline grabs a blanket off a chair and follows Elena.]

Caroline: Doctor says rest, you rest.

[Elena sits down on the couch and Caroline covers her with the blanket.]

Caroline: Now, what can I get you? Do you want some tea, maybe some vodka? Both will help you sleep.

[Elena stares at Caroline and Caroline sits down on the couch.]

Caroline: I know, I'm being smothering. It's what I do.

Elena: No, it's-it's nice.

Caroline: I'm thinking-maybe tea with vodka.

[They both laugh and Caroline gets up. Elena remains on the couch and looks at a picture on the end table of her and her parents and one of her with her cheerleader uniform on.]

 Mystic Falls High School (Past) 

[Matt and Elena are walking across the school grounds, holding hands. Bonnie walks beside them.]

Elena: Caroline Forbes told me that my ponytail lacked 'zhuzh'.

Matt: [laughs] I don't even know what that means.

Bonnie: It means Caroline is driving Elena crazy, as usual. So, as I psychically predicted, flare jeans are making a comeback.

Elena: That doesn't make you psychic, Bonnie. It means that you watch too much Top Model.

Bonnie: Say what you want, but I've got a bad feeling about the bonfire tonight.

Elena: It doesn't matter because I can't go.

[Matt turns around and looks at her.]

Elena: I know, but Jenna's in town and my parents want to do family night.

Matt: You have to go. See if you can sneak out.

[Elena smiles and Matt kisses her.]

Matt: Gotta see Coach Tanner. Love you.

[Matt leaves. Bonnie looks at Elena.]

Bonnie: You didn't say it back.

Elena: What?

Bonnie: You know what. You can't string him along, Elena. If you're not into it anymore, just tell him.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena wakes up. Matt is sitting beside her.]

Elena: Where is everyone?

Matt: Tyler and Caroline got a call from their moms. What were you dreaming about?

Elena: Sophomore year.

Matt: Seems like forever ago.

Elena: It was. I'm sorry that I strung you along. I should have figured out what I wanted and just been honest about it. I'm now making the same mistakes with Stefan and Damon. It's not right what I'm doing to them either, I – I have to let one of them go.

Matt: Which one?

[Stefan enters the house and quickly walks across the room towards Elena. Elena gets up from the couch and walks towards him. They embrace.]

Elena: Stefan.

Stefan: Hey.

 Mystic Grill 

[Jeremy is at the bar. A guy behind the counter hands him a bag of food.]

Jeremy: Thanks man, tell the kitchen I appreciate them staying open for me.

[Alaric comes up to the bar and puts down two bottles of beer and looks at him.]

Alaric: We need to talk.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is lying on the couch again, while Matt and Stefan are cooking in the kitchen.]

Elena: I'm being over coddled. I feel completely fine.

Stefan: You're on house arrest. You're supposed to be coddled.

Matt: Wouldn't it be smarter if we just got you the hell out of town?

Elena: And do what? Go on the run for the rest of my life? No thank you. [Elena gets up.] And I'm not an invalid. I'm done with the couch.

[Elena leaves the room.]

Matt: So, you're just gonna let her call the shots?

Stefan: Letting her make her own decisions.

Matt: Even if they're wrong?

Stefan: Nothing wrong with free will, Matt. Trust me, you don't realize that till you lose it.

Elena: Stefan.

[Stefan and Matt look towards the front doorway. The front door is wide open, and Elijah is standing in front of Elena.]

Stefan: Elijah.

Elijah: Hello again.

 Mystic Grill 

Alaric: I need you to tell me where they're keeping Klaus' body.

Jeremy: I don't know and even if I did, why would I tell you?

Alaric: Elena's association with vampires nearly got her killed again tonight, Jeremy. Does that even register with you?

Jeremy: Of course it does.

Alaric: Well, she can't seem to cut them out of her life, but I can. And with your help, I'll get rid of all of them. Find out where Klaus' body is being hidden, I'll kill him, all his siblings, and when I die, vampires will no longer exist.

Jeremy: But the only way for you to die is if Elena dies.

Alaric: Then lock me up. Have Bonnie put a spell on me like she did Klaus. Let Elena live a long, healthy human life and when her life is over, mine will be too. [Alaric pulls out the indestructible white oak stake.] This stake is the one weapon on Earth that can kill them. I'm gonna get Klaus either way, Jeremy. Be on the right side of this.

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elijah, Matt, Stefan, and Elena are together in the kitchen.]

Elijah: All we need is to take that stake away from him. Once he's been disarmed, the weapon's in my possession, my family will scatter to the ends of the Earth and Alaric will follow us.

Stefan: And you'll just run?

[Stefan sits next to Elena.]

Elijah: We've done it before. Klaus and Rebekah spent the better part of a thousand years evading my father. What's another half century while Elena is able to live out the rest of her natural life?

Elena: We've finally stopped him, Elijah. After everything that he's done to us, I can't just let you bring him back.

Elijah: I give you my word, Elena. I will not revive Klaus within yours nor even within your children's lifetimes. Perhaps that will finally teach him some manners.

Matt: Why should she trust you? All you've done is screw her over.

Elijah: And for that, I am deeply ashamed. But know this, she could have been dead the instant I walked through that door tonight, so Elena, I leave it to you to make the decision whether to trust me or not.

[Suddenly, Damon responds. He is on the phone from the road.]

Damon: Not! Hello? Did that concussion give you brain damage?! His lunatic siblings will kill you the first chance they get!

Elijah: Rebekah and Kol will honor the terms. If you return Klaus' body to us, Elena will come to no harm.

[Elena looks at Stefan.]

Elijah: Do we have a deal?

Damon: No! No, no, no, no! Did I mention no?

Stefan: Elena, it's up to you.

Damon: Oh, come on!

Elena: Why do you want Klaus' body?

Elijah: He's my brother. We remain together.

Elena: [sighs] We have a deal.

 Lockwood Mansion 

[Caroline and Tyler enter the house. Sheriff Forbes and Mayor Lockwood wait for them in the parlor.]

Tyler: Mom?

Carol: In here!

[Tyler and Caroline enter the room.]

Caroline: Mom.

Tyler: What's going on?

Carol: Alaric outed us to the council. He told them everything. The whole council knows what you are.

Sheriff Forbes: He's got them looking for Klaus and then they're gonna come looking for you. You can't be here when they do.

Caroline: What are you saying?

Sheriff Forbes: You both need to get out of town.

Carol: I pulled together some cash and Liz will get you some new identification and we'll get school records...

Tyler: Woah, wait a minute, you want us to run?

Sheriff Forbes: We can't protect you anymore.

Caroline: Well, we can't just pack up and leave!

Carol: If you stay, you're going to end up dead. You don't have a choice.

[Caroline looks over at her mom, exasperated. Liz shakes her head, indicating that there is no other choice.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Matt and Jeremy are sitting alone on the steps of the front porch.]

Matt: So what are you gonna do?

Jeremy: What I wanna do is run in that house, grab Elena, and get her out of here and away from all this.

Matt: So why don't we?

Jeremy: Good luck getting her past all the vampires in there. Even if I wanted to help Alaric, I have no idea where Klaus' body is.

Matt: I do.

 Mystic Grill 

[Alaric is still at the bar. His phone rings. It's Jeremy. He answers.]

Alaric: Yes?

Jeremy: I know where Klaus' body is.

Alaric: Good. Tell me.

Jeremy: Damon's on his way to bury him in the woods off Route 12. I'll text you with the specifics.

Alaric: Thank you, Jeremy. You're doing the right thing for your sister.

Jeremy: I know.

[Jeremy looks over at Elena and hangs up. Stefan, Matt, Elena, and Elijah are sitting at the table looking at Jeremy.]

Jeremy: He bought it.

 Lockwood Mansion 

[Tyler and Caroline are in the study together. Caroline is pacing around the room.]

Caroline: We can't just leave town.

Tyler: Yes, we can.

Caroline: But our friends need us.

Tyler: And our mothers need us to stay alive. [Tyler gets up and walks towards Caroline.] Look, Stefan and Damon are gonna do whatever it takes to protect themselves, but this is our lives. So let me protect you.

Caroline: I'll go anywhere with you. I mean, if we have to spend the rest of our lives running, I will run with you. But, first, I have to help our friends.

Tyler: I'll get stuff together and meet you at the cellar in two hours.

Caroline: Deal!

[They kiss.]

Tyler: We've got to travel light, so what do you need?

Caroline: Just you. Maybe a curling iron.

[She laughs and kisses him again.]

Caroline: Oh, I have to tell Bonnie!

Tyler: I'll call Bonnie, okay? Two hours, don't you dare be late.

Caroline: Okay.

[They kiss a final time and Caroline runs out of the room.]

 Storage Units 

[Damon and Bonnie exit an elevator into a room of storage units.]

Damon: You know, I'm not half way out of Virginia and Elena sells our souls to the Originals?

Bonnie: It was her call.

Damon: You know what else is her call? Everything bad ever.

Bonnie: Where's the body? As long as it's unspelled, Alaric is one witch away from finding it.

Damon: Hidden. I was gonna use Unit 666, but figured that would be a little obvious. So...[They stop in front of a unit.] 1020. Mini fridge, a couple bird cages, a box of old Playboys [Damon opens the unit's shutter door.] One beef jerkified Original.

[Bonnie opens the casket. Klaus' chained and desiccated body lies within it. Suddenly, Klaus opens his eyes and looks at them.]

Damon: Oh, creepy.

Bonnie: I need a minute.

Damon: Just jam the witch locator, bat signal or whatever and get on with it, Bonnie.

Bonnie: Elena and Jeremy lost Jenna and Alaric because of him. Tyler's a hybrid, my mother's a vampire. Could you give me a minute to just appreciate the sight of him like this?

[Damon leaves and closes the door of the storage unit. Bonnie leans over the casket, looking down at Klaus.]

Bonnie: You should burn in hell. But if you die, so do my friends. So does my mother. What am I supposed to do about that?

 Gilbert Residence 

[Stefan and Elena are standing around in Elena's room.]

Elena: Stefan, make sure that Alaric doesn't lay a hand on Jeremy.

Stefan: Jeremy will be fine. Between all of us, we'll have the strength in numbers to disarm Alaric.

[Elena looks worried. Stefan caresses her face.]

Stefan: Hey, what's wrong?

Elena: Lately, I feel like every time someone walks out of this house, there's a chance they may not make it back home.

Stefan: Well, I promise I will do everything in my power to make sure that we all come back.

[Stefan rubs her arm soothingly  and starts to leave the room. Elena turns towards Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan.

[Stefan halts and turns back towards Elena.]

Elena: [hesitantly] Forget it. Um-we-we can talk later.

[Stefan turns to leave the room again, but hesitates in the doorway. Finally, he turns towards Elena, walks over to her, grabs her face in his hands and kisses her passionately. He pulls away and they look at each other.]

Stefan: That's just in case there is no later.

[Stefan leaves.]

 Storage Units 

[Damon is relaxing on a couch in a unit. He is on the phone with Stefan who is exiting the Gilbert house.]

Damon: Bonnie just left. Rebekah should be here soon to pick up the body.

Stefan: I've got Caroline and Elijah in place. Jeremy is gonna lead Alaric to us.

Damon: You just had to let her make the choice, didn't you?

Stefan: What would you have done, Damon?

Damon: Grabbed her, gagged her, threw her in a well, I don't know, anything other than let her trust Elijah.

Stefan: You know she'd just hate you for it, right?

Damon: Yeah, but she'd be alive and she'd hate me. Thus, the eternal difference between you and me, brother.

Stefan: As soon as we get the stake, hand over the coffin and get out. Alaric's got half the police looking for Klaus' car.

Damon: Will do. [The elevator bell dings.] Gotta go, the Original sister is here.

[Damon hangs up and walks out of the unit.]

Damon: It's about time, sexy Bex.

[Alaric comes up from behind Damon and grabs him in a chokehold.]

Alaric: Where is Klaus?

Damon: How did you find me?

Alaric: Oh, you'd be amazed at how competent law enforcement is when it's not corrupted by vampires. Now, where is Klaus?

Damon: In a storage locker. There's only about a thousand of them, have at it.

[Alaric breaks his neck and places him on the ground. He walks off to begin his search for Klaus' body.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Elena is sitting at her window seat. Matt enters the room with a cup of tea for her.]

Elena: Mm, thank you.

[She takes a sip and scrunches up her face in disgust. Matt sits in a chair next to her.]

Matt: Sorry, I over-honeyed. I suck at tea.

[Elena laughs.]

Matt: So, Stefan?

Elena: He saved my life, you know. I never told you that. The night that my parents' car went off the bridge, Stefan was the one that saved me.

Matt: So, do you feel like you owe him or something?

Elena: No, it's not that. It's – after the accident, I kind of felt like I didn't know how to live anymore, like I didn't want to, but then being with Stefan...it just...somehow I figured it out. And that's what love should be. You should love the person that makes you glad that you're alive.

Matt: So then, what's the problem?

Elena: The problem's Damon. When I'm with him, he just consumes me. And I know that I can't love them both, I know that it's wrong, but I – when I choose one then I'll lose the other. And I don't want to lose anyone else. I – I just – I wish that I had my mom here to give me some advice.

[Elena sips her tea and looks out the window.]

 Woods (Past) 

[Elena walks away from the bonfire party as she talks on the phone with Jenna.]

Elena: Hey, it's me.

Jenna: Your dad is making me play Pictionary. I suck at Pictionary.

Grayson: You do. You're terrible.

Jenna: Bite me, Grayson.

Elena: Listen, do you think someone could come pick me up?

Jenna: Oh, having second thoughts about ditching family night?

Miranda: Here. [Jenna hands her the phone.] Elena, everything okay?

Elena: Matt and I got into a fight. He was talking about college and marriage and all the stuff that he always talks about and I just, I couldn't.

Miranda: He doesn't really care about that yet, honey, he's just trying to figure out how you feel about him right now.

Elena: I don't know how I feel.

Miranda: Yes you do. You're just afraid to say it.

Elena: Yeah, but I don't want to lose him.

Miranda: You're not gonna lose him, honey. You're setting him free.

 Matt's Pickup Truck 

[Elena wakes up in the passenger's seat. Matt is driving them away from Mystic Falls.]

Elena: What's going on?

Matt: It's the only way I was gonna get you in this truck.

Elena: The tea. You drugged me?

Matt: I'm sorry, Elena, but you're right, okay. You don't have any parents to tell you what's right or wrong, you've got me and Jeremy and a bunch of vampires fighting a war you shouldn't be in the middle of.

Elena: What the hell is going on, Matt?

Matt: I'm getting you out of town, Elena. It's the only way to keep you safe.

 Storage Units 

[Alaric breaks the locks off and opens the doors to several of the storage units. After not being able to find Klaus' body in any of them, he hears the elevator bell ding and Rebekah coming out of the elevator.]

Rebekah: Damon! Damon, where are you?

[Alaric pulls out the white oak stake and begins to walk towards Rebekah's voice. Rebekah is searching for Damon.]

Rebekah: Damon, this isn't funny.

[Rebekah walks down a line of storage units while Alaric continues to search for her. She continues walking down a row and is suddenly grabbed from behind by Damon, who covers her mouth so she won't scream. She pulls her back so they are hidden behind a unit.]

Damon: Rebekah. Shhhh.

[Alaric continues searching for Rebekah, but stops in front of storage unit 1020 and sees that the lock has been broken off. He opens the unit door, but Klaus' casket is gone. In another part of the warehouse, Rebekah and Damon are wheeling Klaus' casket to a car, but Alaric comes out of nowhere, grabs Rebekah and slams her head against her car, then throws her to the ground. Damon rushes at Alaric but Alaric kicks him out of his way. Alaric opens the casket and pulls out the white oak stake. Klaus' eyes fly open. Rebekah rushes to get up.]

Rebekah: No!

Damon: No, don't!

Rebekah: No! No! No!

[Alaric stakes Klaus' in the heart. Klaus gasps. Damon grabs Rebekah so that she can't run to the casket. Klaus' body is set aflame. Rebekah continues to scream and cry. Alaric turns around.]

Alaric: Next.

Damon: Rebekah, run. Run!

[Damon pushes Rebekah towards the opposite direction and she rushes off. Damon rushes towards Alaric to distract him, but Alaric throws him to the ground and rushes off in search of Rebekah. Later, Damon is sitting on the floor in the storage units. He calls Stefan, who is in the woods with Jeremy.]

Stefan: Damon.

Damon: Bad news, brother. Alaric staked Klaus. He's dead.

Stefan: I feel okay, do you feel anything?

Damon: No.

Stefan: It took Sage about an hour before she got sick.

Damon: Yeah or Klaus was lying about being the sire of our bloodline.

Stefan: Well, if he wasn't lying, an hour is not enough time to get you all the way back to Mystic Falls.

Damon: For us to have our epic goodbye, Stefan?

Stefan: Not us, brother. You and Elena.

Damon: Well, I guess you'll just have to say goodbye for both of us, won't you? Call me if you cough up a lung.

[Damon hangs up.]

 Woods 

[Stefan hangs up his phone.]

Jeremy: Stefan. Elena's not at home. Matt and I, we're getting her out of town.

Stefan: It's gonna be fine. Klaus was lying, we're all gonna be okay.

[Caroline and Elijah show up.]

Elijah: What happened?

[Stefan doesn't respond.]

Caroline: Stefan?

 Matt's Pickup Truck 

[Matt is on the phone with Jeremy.]

Matt: Got it, Jer.

[He hangs up.]

Elena: We have to go back. Listen to me, Matt, if Klaus is the one that turned their bloodline, then they're all gonna die. [Matt doesn't respond. Shouting.] We have to go back, Matt!

Matt: Elena.

Elena: What?!

Matt: Damon's not with them.

Elena: What?

Matt: He's a hundred miles out of town. I can keep driving to him or I can turn around and go back to Stefan. It's your choice.

 Storage Units 

[Damon's phone rings. Elena is calling him and he picks up.]

Damon: Let me guess. Calling to see if the Grim Reaper's paid a visit?

Elena: How are you feeling? Are there any symptoms?

Damon: Not yet. But I'm sure we'll have a laugh when we find out that Klaus is a big, fat liar.

Elena: Yeah, I'm – I'm sure we will.

Damon: Hey, where are you?

Elena: Matt's taking me home.

Damon: To Stefan.

Elena: Not just to Stefan, Damon. To Tyler, to Caroline.

Damon: Ah, I know, I get it. So, since I'm possibly a dead man, can I ask you a question?

Elena: Yeah, of course.

Damon: If it was just down to him and me and you had to make a choice who got the goodbye, who would it be?

[Elena starts to choke up.]

Elena: I love him, Damon. He came into my life at a time when I needed someone and I fell for him instantly. No matter what I feel for you, I – I never unfell for him.

Damon: Yeah, I get it. Stefan, it's always gonna be Stefan.

Elena: I can't think about always. All I can think about is right now. And I care about you, Damon, which is why I have to let you go. I mean, maybe if you and I had met first.

Damon: Yeah, maybe.

Elena: [voice gets stronger] You're gonna be fine. You hear me. You're gonna be okay and I'm gonna see you soon.

[Alaric is behind Damon. Damon looks up at him.]

Damon: Real soon. Goodbye, Elena.

[Damon hangs up.]

Damon: I see you're still pissed. I take it Goldilocks gave you the slip.

[Alaric rushes over towards him and punches him in the face.]

 Old Lockwood Cellar 

[Caroline runs down into the cellar, crying.]

Caroline: Tyler! Tyler!

[Caroline stops in the middle of the cellar.]

Caroline: Oh my God.

[Tyler enters the cellar.]

Tyler: Caroline?

Caroline: Tyler! Oh my God.

[Tyler rushes towards Caroline and they embrace.]

Tyler: Hey. Sorry, I was just with Bonnie.

[They pull apart, but still stay close to each other. Tyler sees how upset Caroline is.]

Tyler: What happened?

Caroline: Klaus died. He's dead.

Tyler: You're going to be fine, Caroline.

Caroline: No, it's not me that I'm worried about.

Tyler: There's no point. I'm a lost cause, but you're strong and you have a beautiful future ahead of you. And when you make it through this, just tell my mother I left town like I was supposed to, okay?

[They kiss passionately. Caroline kisses Tyler on the cheek and they hold each other for a long time. Suddenly, Tyler falls to the floor, coughing and clutching his heart. He stops and stands up, looking at Caroline.]

Tyler: Do you feel anything?

Caroline: No, I feel fine.

Tyler: I need you to get out of here. I don't want you to watch me die.

Caroline: No, I'm not leaving.

[Tyler falls to the ground in pain again. Caroline kneels down next to him.]

Caroline: I'm staying.

Tyler: No.

Caroline: Yes!

Tyler: You run. Or I'll make you run.

Caroline: I'm not leaving.

[Tyler looks at her and then begins to transform into a wolf. Caroline gets up.]

Tyler: Go!

[Caroline cries and rushes out of the cellar.]

 Matt's Pickup Truck 

[Elena is on the phone with Caroline.]

Elena: You too, Care.

[Elena hangs up.]

Matt: What now?

[Elena starts getting teary eyed.]

Elena: It's Tyler, he um...he's...

Matt: Damn it!

[Matt begins to choke up and gets angry. He starts hitting his fist against the seat.]

Matt: Damn it, damn it, damn it!

Elena: Matt, Matt! No. Stop it.

Matt: This isn't how our lives were supposed to be, Elena.

 Woods 

[Elijah is standing in the woods. Rebekah shows up behind him, still in tears.]

Rebekah: He's gone, Elijah. There was nothing I could do to stop it.

[Rebekah and Elijah walk towards each other and embrace.]

Elijah: Tyler Lockwood is dead, but the rest survived. You said that Niklaus turned their bloodline.

Rebekah: I thought he did.

Elijah: It wasn't me, it wasn't Kol.

Rebekah: It wasn't me, Elijah. It was Niklaus, I'm sure of it.

Elijah: Then how are they still alive?

 Old Lockwood Cellar 

[Bonnie enters the cellar.]

Bonnie: I know you're here.

[Tyler walks out of the shadows.]

Tyler/Klaus: I must say you really did that spell brilliantly. I didn't think you had it in you.

Bonnie: I did it to save my friends and my mother, Klaus. Not you.

Tyler/Klaus: The spirits won't be happy with you.

Bonnie: The spirits don't get to tell me what to do anymore. I'm done getting pushed around by all of you. I did it because I wanted to.

 Woods 

[Stefan answers his phone. Rebekah is on the other end.]

Stefan: Hello?

Rebekah: You're alive. Congratulations.

Stefan: Rebekah.

Rebekah: Elijah spoke to Elena. Her and Matt should be arriving back in town any minute.

Stefan: Yeah, he told me that. He also said you two would be long gone out of town by now.

Rebekah: That's the problem. Elijah says we have to run, that the hunter will keep coming after us, but I don't want to run anymore, Stefan. I spent my whole life running.

Stefan: What are you talking about? We had a deal.

Rebekah: I'm sorry, but Klaus is dead. There is no deal. If my brothers and I are going to survive, we need to get rid of Alaric and the only way to get rid of Alaric...

Stefan: Rebekah, no.

 Matt's Pickup Truck 

[Elena has her phone out.]

Elena: I need to call Stefan, but my phone is dying.

[Matt pulls out his phone.]

Matt: Here. Use mine.

[Matt hands over his phone as they drive towards the Wickery Bridge.]

Elena: Thanks. [Elena looks up and sees a figure standing in the middle of the road.] Matt, look out!

[Rebekah is the figure standing in the road. Matt swerves to avoid her and sends the truck flying over the guardrail and into the water.]

 Wickery Bridge (Past) 

[Elena wakes up, coughing. Her dad is trying to get the car started. Elena starts to panic.]

Elena: Dad?! Dad!

Grayson: We're gonna be okay. I promise.

Elena: Dad!

[The car starts to sink and they are submerged in the water.]

 Storage Units 

[Alaric has beaten Damon very badly. Blood is running down his face. He throws him to the ground and Damon stays there.]

Alaric: You're not gonna fight back?

Damon: You're kind of invincible, Ric.

Alaric: Don't call me that.

[Alaric kicks Damon in the face.]

Alaric: We're not friends.

Damon: We were.

Alaric: Well, our friendship was part of the problem. It's what kept me weak. It's also why it took so long for the real me to break through and now I'm gonna break you.

[Alaric hits Damon in the face and knocks him backwards.]

 Woods (Past) 

[Damon is lying in the middle of the road, waiting for his next meal. Suddenly, he hears a familiar voice. Elena is on the phone with Bonnie not too far away.]

Elena: I know Bonnie, you're right. You and my mom both are. I just can't bring myself to tell him. At least not tonight. I'll call you later.

[Elena hangs up. Damon appears in front of her.]

Damon: Katherine.

Elena: No – um – I [Elena looks behind her to make sure he's not talking to someone else.] I'm Elena.

Damon: Oh, you – you just look...I'm sorry, you just really remind me of someone. I'm Damon.

Elena: Not to be rude or anything, Damon, but it's kind of creepy that you're out here in the middle of nowhere.

Damon: You're one to talk. You're out here all by yourself.

Elena: It's Mystic Falls. Nothing bad ever happens here.

[There is a pause and Elena begins to talk again.]

Elena: Got into a fight with my boyfriend.

Damon: About what? May I ask.

Elena: Life, future, he's got it all mapped out.

Damon: And you don't want it?

Elena: I don't know what I want.

Damon: Well, that's not true. You want what everybody wants.

Elena: What, mysterious stranger who has all the answers?

Damon: Hm, well, let's just say I've been around a long time. I've learned a few things.

Elena: So, Damon, tell me. What is it that I want?

[Damon moves closer towards her.]

Damon: You want a love that consumes you. You want passion, an adventure, and even a little danger.

Elena: So, what do you want?

[Damon hesitates. Elena's parents honk their horn and drive closer.]

Elena: It's my parents.

[Damon has moved even closer to her when she turns back around. He compels her.]

Damon: I want you to get everything that you're looking for, but right now I want you to forget that this happened. Can't have people knowing that I'm in town yet. Goodnight, Elena.

[Damon leaves.]

 Storage Units 

[Damon is still on the ground. Alaric is standing over him.]

Damon: Is that all you got?

Alaric: Not quite.

[Alaric gets down and tries to stake Damon, but Damon grabs the stake and throws Alaric off of him. Damon gets up and hits him in the face.]

 Wickery Bridge 

[Matt's pickup truck has sunk to the bottom of the river. Elena wakes up and looks over at Matt. His eyes are shut, Elena turns his face towards hers and starts to shake him, desperately.]

 Wickery Bridge (Past) 

[Grayson is trying to open the car door and attempts to break the window open with his elbow, while Elena watches.]

 Wickery Bridge 

[Elena continues to shake Matt vigorously, as she continues to yell his name without a sound. She then tries to open the door, but it won't open. She tries to break the window with her elbow.]

 Wickery Bridge (Past) 

[Grayson is still trying to break the window open. Elena mouths the word "Dad" to him. Grayson turns around and grabs Elena's hand. He shakes his head, indicating to her that there is no way out. She nods and mouths "I love you" to him. The shot pulls out and Stefan is seen swimming towards the car.]

 Wickery Bridge 

[Stefan swims up to Matt's window; Elena desperately tries to shake Matt so he wakes up.]

 Wickery Bridge (Past) 

[Stefan looks into the driver's window at Grayson. Grayson shakes his head and points back to Elena. Stefan swims to the back window, looks inside and sees Elena. He is startled by how much she looks like Katherine.]

 Wickery Bridge 

[Stefan rips Matt's door off and swims over him towards Elena. Elena shakes her hand and points to Matt. Stefan shakes his head and continues to try to get Elena out. Elena persists on him getting Matt out first though. Stefan and Elena stare at each other for a moment. Stefan struggles with the fact that he can't save Matt and come back quick enough to save Elena as well. But, he abides Elena's wishes, grabs Matt and swims back to the surface. Elena takes a few final breathes, shuts her eyes, and becomes lifeless.]

 Storage Units 

[Alaric and Damon are still fighting. Damon grabs Alaric's wrist and the stake falls out of his hand. Alaric starts to feel weak.]

Alaric: What's happening?

Damon: Oh no.

Alaric: What's happening?!

[Alaric falls to his knees and Damon goes down with him, cradling him in his arms.]

Damon: No. No, no, no, no. Ric, Ric! You are not dead. You are not dead.

[Alaric starts to desiccate and then dies. Damon shakes his body and tears start to glisten in his eyes, knowing that, not only has he lost his best friend, but that he has also lost Elena.]

 Gilbert Residence 

[Jeremy walks down the stairs and is leaving a voice message for Matt.]

Jeremy: Matt, man, where are you guys? You should have been back by now.

[Jeremy stops suddenly when he sees Alaric standing in the hallway.]

Alaric: Jeremy.

[Jeremy puts down his phone.]

Jeremy: Haven't you done enough? And how'd you even get in here?

Alaric: I don't know. I just wanted to say goodbye and it kind of happened.

Jeremy: Ric?

Alaric: I just wanted you to know that I'll always be here to look after you, Jeremy. That you'll never be alone, okay? I promise.

Jeremy: I don't understand.

[After a moment of silence, Jeremy realizes what must have happened.]

Jeremy: Oh my God, you're a ghost. But if you're dead, that means Elena...

 Mystic Falls Hospital 

[In the morgue, Elena's body is lying on a stretcher. Stefan is sitting next to her with tears in his eyes. Upstairs, Damon bursts into the hospital.]

Damon: Where is she?

[Meredith sees him and walks over to him.]

Meredith: No, Damon, wait.

Damon: Where is she!?

[Meredith grabs Damon and stops him.]

Meredith: You need to know, when Jeremy brought Elena in here earlier tonight, her injuries were worse than I let on. It wasn't a concussion, it was a cerebral hemorrhage, bleeding of the brain.

Damon: What are you saying?

Meredith: He was so worried, I didn't want to tell him, but I – I helped her. She needed my help.

Damon: You what?

[In the morgue, Elena's body still lies on the stretcher. Suddenly, Elena comes back to life, gasping for air.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


