


The Return







Information


season
number




2
1






Navigation


previous
next




Founder's Day
Brave New World





Contents[show]
Gilbert Residence

[John is in the kitchen, and as he closes the refrigerator door, he sees Katherine standing there, posing as Elena.]

John: (startled) You scared me.

Katherine: Sorry.

John: Is Jenna home?

Katherine: She had to meet the fire chief about the building. She doesn't know the truth. They've covered it up.

John: Yeah I know. How's Jeremy?

Katherine: Holed up in his room.

[Upstairs, Jeremy is in his bed. He's unconscious after taking all those pills.]
[Elena arrives at the house. She is on the phone with Stefan.]

Elena: I looked everywhere.

Stefan (voice on phone): What do you think, someone stole it?

Elena: Yeah, someone definitely took my stuff.

[Katherine and John are still in the kitchen.]

John: Can I help?

[Katherine looks down at John's ring.]

Katherine: Sure.

[Elena is still on the porch, on the phone with Stefan.]

Stefan (voice on phone): You want me to pick you up?

Elena: I'm just gonna check on Jeremy before I go to the hospital, can you meet me there?

Stefan: You bet.

Elena: Okay, I love you Stefan.

Stefan: I love you too.

[Katherine grabs a knife and cuts off John's fingers, including his ring. Then she pushes John against the sink.]

John: [horrified] Katherine?!

Katherine: [reveals her vampire face] Hello John, Goodbye John. [stabs him]

[Elena enters the house and goes to the bottom of the stairs.]

Elena: Jeremy? Are you up? (She hears a noise in the kitchen and goes toward it.)

[Elena enters to find John on the floor, bleeding badly. She rushes over to him and tries to stop the bleeding. She grabs the phone and calls 911.)

Receiver: 911, what's your emergency?

Elena: (panicked) Hi, I-I need an ambulance to 2104 Maple Street.

John: (sees Katherine watching; whispers) Behind you.

Elena: What?

John: Behind you!

[Elena turns around and gasps but she sees no one there. She grabs the bloody knife and cautiously approaches the hallway. Katherine speeds around, frightening Elena, before she runs out the door. Elena is terrified, and then she remembers Jeremy.]

Elena: Jeremy! (She races up the stairs to his room) Jeremy! Jeremy! (She finds him unconscious on his bed) Please, Jeremy, wake up!

[Elena shakes Jeremy frantically and he wakes up.]
[John is taken away in the ambulance. Stefan arrives at the house. The officer tries to keep Stefan from entering.]

Elena: He's okay.

[Stefan follows Elena upstairs to Jeremy's room.]

Stefan: What happened?

Elena: He said that Anna gave him her blood and then he took these pills and now...I mean he looks fine but then again so do you. So, I just...I don't know.

[Stefan takes Jeremy's face in his hands and examines his eyes.]

Stefan: Come here. Look at me. Shh.

Jeremy: I'm fine, okay? I feel exactly the same.

Elena: Should I call a paramedic up here? What should I do?

Stefan: (Stefan looks at Jeremy's eyes) No, he's fine.

Jeremy: You mean I'm not a vampire? Damn it!

Elena: Don't say that Jeremy! Jer, why would you want that?

Jeremy: Did you hear about Anna, what happened to her tonight? She's dead.

Stefan: Jeremy, Jeremy. Come here, sit down.

[Stefan pushes Jeremy back down on the bed. He grabs his face in his hands and makes him look at him.]

Stefan: I am very sorry about Anna, but it's very important that you listen to me right now. With every passing moment, Anna's blood is leaving your system. If you try to kill yourself right now, you could really die.

[Jeremy looks away.]

Stefan: Hey! (He slaps him) Do you understand me?!

Elena: Stefan...

Jeremy: Yeah, I understand.

Stefan: Good.

[Stefan gets up and stands next to Elena.]

Elena: What about the pills that he took?

Stefan: He didn't take enough to die so Anna's blood actually healed him of that.

[A policeman knocks on the doorframe of Jeremy's room.]

Policeman: Miss Gilbert?

Elena: I'll be right there.

Stefan: You need to be at the hospital.

Elena: But...

Stefan: No, no, no, I'll stay here with Jeremy.

Jeremy: No, I don't need a babysitter.

Elena: Yes, you do.

Mystic Falls Hospital

[Matt is sitting alone outside of Caroline's room. Bonnie arrives and walks over to him.]

Bonnie: How is Caroline?

Matt: She's not good, Bon.

Bonnie: What happened?

Matt: We were driving and Tyler heard this noise and he got...

Bonnie: A noise?

Matt: He got this migraine or something and he lost control of the car and...I thought that Caroline was fine and then...and then she wasn't so...

[Sheriff Forbes is at the hospital desk. Damon walks over to her.]

Damon: Liz, I came as soon as I got the message. Is she okay?

Sheriff Forbes: She's in surgery, it's...they're doing everything they can. I need your help Damon.

Damon: Sure, anything Liz.

Sheriff Forbes: Mayor Lockwood is dead. They thought he was a vampire. They put him in the basement.

Damon: Mayor Lockwood was a vampire?

Sheriff Forbes: No, no. A mistake was made, they said he dropped like the others when John's device went off but he...he couldn't have been a vampire, I've known the man my whole life and now Carol Lockwood is gonna want answers and all I can think of right now is Caroline and...(She begins to cry.)

Damon: It's okay. It's okay.

[Damon hugs Liz as she weeps.]
[Elena arrives at the hospital, she walks over to Bonnie.]

Elena: Bonnie. How's Caroline?

Bonnie: She's weak. They don't know if she's going to make it.

Elena: What?

[Bonnie embraces Elena. Damon is near and peers over at them.]

Elena: Is there something that you can do? Like a spell or something?

Damon: She doesn't know how, do you?

Bonnie: No, I don't.

Damon: No, you don't because it took Emily years to learn a spell like that.

Bonnie: Well, I can take down a vampire, that spell was easy to learn.

Damon: I can give Caroline some blood.

Elena: No, no way.

Damon: No, just enough to heal her. She will be safe in the hospital and it will be out of her system in a day, she will be better Elena.

Elena: It's too risky, I can't agree to that.

Bonnie: Do it. (She sees Elena's expression) This is Caroline. We can't let her die. Do it.

Damon: If I do this, you and me, call a truce?

Bonnie: No. But you'll do it anyway. For Elena.

[Bonnie leaves. Elena and Damon are alone.]

Damon: I know this is probably the last thing you want to do right now but we should talk about what happened tonight.

Elena: Yeah, one of the tomb vampires got into the house and almost killed John.

Damon: What? When? What are you talking about? After I left?

Elena: You were there?

Damon: Come on, Elena, you know I was.

Elena: When were you at the house?

Damon: Really? Earlier, on the porch, we were talking, all cathartic, feelings exposed. Come on, we kissed, Elena.

Elena: Okay, I don't have time for this Damon.

Damon: If you want to forget what happened fine but I can't.

[Jenna arrives. Damon moves away while Jenna glares at him, but listens in.]

Jenna: Elena, I came as soon as I got your message. How is John?

Elena: Where have you been?

Jenna: At the fire department, I had to fill out a report. I told you earlier.

Elena: No, you didn't.

Jenna: Yes, I did.

Elena: No, Jenna, you didn't.

Jenna: Yes, I did.

[Damon suddenly realizes that Katherine was the one he kissed, not Elena.]

Damon: Oh!

[Jenna and Elena look at him with confusion.]

Damon: Mmm, you got to be kidding me.

[Damon realizes that he has said that out loud. He looks at both Jenna and Elena and walks away.]

Gilbert Residence

[Jeremy is asleep in his bed. Stefan paces beside his bed, still watching out for him. He hears the front door open. It's Katherine still posing as Elena. He goes down the stairs.]

Stefan: Hey! How was Caroline?

Katherine: Not good. (She embraces him.) Just what I needed.

[She tries to kiss him, but Stefan, realizing it's Katherine, grabs her by the back of her neck and bares his fangs at her. He throws her on the couch. Katherine gets up without missing a beat.]

Stefan: Katherine.

Katherine: At least I fooled one of you.

[He rushes over to her and pushes her against the wall.]

Katherine: Feel better?

[He pushes her against another wall as someone begins to open the front door. Stefan is distracted by this and Katherine takes the opportunity to grab his arm, bend it behind his back, and throw him down on the floor. She smiles and rushes out of the house. Elena and Damon enter the house. Stefan is on the floor but stands up immediately.]

Elena: Stefan?

Stefan: Elena.

Elena: What happened?

Damon: Katherine happened.

[Damon and Stefan are in the kitchen.]

Damon: Did she say what she wanted?

Stefan: No.

Damon: Woman certainly knows how to make an entrance.

Stefan: She said she fooled one of us, at least. What does that mean?

Damon: She pretended to be Elena too when I showed up earlier tonight.

[Elena enters the room. Stefan walks towards her.]

Elena: I told Jeremy, I can't lie to him anymore.

Stefan: Are you alright?

Elena: No, I'm not alright. I thought that with all the tomb vampires gone things would get better.

Stefan: I know. We all did.

Elena: Katherine was in this house, that means she's been invited in, what are we gonna do?

Damon: Move.

Elena: Very helpful, thank you.

[Elena sits down.]

Damon: Katherine wants you dead; there's zero you can do about it; you would be dead but you're not. So clearly she has other plans.

Stefan: Right and we need to find out what those other plans are and not provoke her in the process. What happened tonight when you thought she was Elena?

Damon: To risk another frown line encroaching on a very crowded forehead. We...kissed.

Elena: And you thought it was me?

Stefan: What do you mean you kissed?

Damon: Well, you know, when two lips pucker and they go.

[He puckers his lips and makes kissing noises. Stefan rushes at him with his super speed but Damon uses his super speed as well and stands next to Elena.]

Damon: Don't be obvious, Stefan.

[Stefan starts towards Damon again but Elena gets up and puts her hand in front of Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan wait, he kissed Katherine, not me. (She looks at Damon) I wouldn't do that. We don't have time for this guys.

Stefan: Later.

Elena: John must know something. There has to be a reason why Katherine tried to kill him.

Damon: She's Katherine. She loves to play games and you're fooling yourself if you think you're going to find out what she's been up to before she wants you to know.

Stefan: No, actually Elena's right, John could know something through Isobel. Your mother, she was in touch with Katherine so maybe we can go to the hospital and get him to talk.

Damon: I've got a better idea.

Elena: What's that?

Damon: I'm just gonna ignore the bitch. See you.

Elena: Is that smart?

Damon: If Katherine thinks she's been ignored it will lure her out, she'll make a move.

Stefan: Yeah? And then what?

Damon: Stake her, rip her head off, something poetic. We'll see.

Mystic Falls Hospital

[Bonnie is talking with Matt.]

Bonnie: You've been here all night?

Matt: Yeah, with the sheriff.

Bonnie: No one else?

Matt: Stefan's brother Damon stopped by late last night.

Bonnie: How is Caroline today?

Matt: See for yourself.

[They go in Caroline's room. Caroline is awake and looking completely healthy.]

Caroline: Jersey Shore's on.

[Bonnie embraces her.]

Caroline: Careful, still a little sore.

Bonnie: Sorry.

Caroline: Its okay but they say I'm healing really quick.

Matt: My turn. (kisses her.)

[Bonnie cries from joy.]

Caroline: Oh, isn't he cute? Why are you crying?

Bonnie: I'm just happy you're okay.

Caroline: Oh, I love you guys!

Bonnie: We love you.

[The three of them embrace each other.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Carol Lockwood is talking with Sheriff Forbes and Damon.]

Mrs Lockwood: I want to know exactly who's responsible for killing my husband.

Sheriff Forbes: I'm looking into it but you have to be straight with me. Is there any reason Richard was affected by the vampire device?

Mrs Lockwood: What are you implying? That he was one of them?

Damon: No, no. No one's implying that.

Mrs Lockwood: Your deputy screwed up, plain and simple which makes you responsible.

Damon: Carol...

Sheriff Forbes: Your husband is the one who helped John Gilbert execute his idiot plan in the first place.

Damon: Liz...

Mrs Lockwood: Someone got my husband killed.

Damon: We're all on edge here. You've suffered a great loss. The whole town has. We have to stick together, okay? Trust each other, we'll get through this.

[Tyler is at the front door, greeting guests. A Ford Bronco XLT drives up to the front of the mansion and a man steps out.]

Tyler: So the black sheep returns.

Mason: Tyler?

Tyler: Yeah.

Mason: What happened to you? In my mind you're twelve years old.

Tyler: Then that's two years older than the last time you saw me, Uncle Mason.

[They embrace each other.]

Mason: Good to see you again.

Tyler: It's good to see you too. Come on inside.

Mystic Falls Hospital

[Stefan and Elena are walking down the hallway to John's room.]

Stefan: Ready for this?

[They enter the room together.]

Elena: John?

[He opens his eyes and panics when he sees Elena. He tries to press the button to call the nurse, but Stefan grabs his hand and takes it away from him.]

Elena: I'm Elena. I'm not - I'm not Katherine.

Stefan: We know she did this to you.

Elena: We need to know why.

John: Where is she?

Stefan: You tell us.

John: I don't know.

[He tries to sit up but Stefan pushes him back down.]

Stefan: You're a little too weak to play tough guy. Why don't you just sit back and answer a few questions?

[Elena places the Gilbert ring into John's hand.]

Elena: Please, tell us why she's here. What does she want?

[John doesn't respond.]

Stefan: She'll try again; we can't help you if you don't confide in us.

John: In you?

Stefan: In your daughter then.

John: My daughter should have driven a stake through your heart by now. (He looks at Elena) I never spoke with Katherine directly, she never trusted me. (He looks at Stefan) So either kill me or get out because I can't stand the sight of you with my daughter.

Elena: You see the world with such hatred. It's gonna get you killed.

[Elena walks out of the room. Stefan is alone with John. Stefan hesitates, and then he rushes over to John and chokes him.]

Stefan: You may be okay with dying but I have a better plan for you.

[He bites his wrist and puts it in John's mouth and forces his blood down John's throat.]

Stefan: You now have my blood in your system; all I have to do is kill you. Now take my advice. Leave town. Elena doesn't want you here. You've got about 24 hours before the blood leaves your system, that's enough time to disappear or so help me God, I will turn you into a vampire and I will watch you hate yourself more than you already do. (He releases him. John gasps in horror.) The clock starts now. (He leaves the room.)

Lockwood Mansion

[Damon is watching Mason and Carol. He talks with Sheriff Forbes.]

Damon: Who's the guy with Carol?

Sheriff Forbes: It's the mayor's younger brother, Mason Lockwood.

Damon: Is he on the council? Like John Gilbert was when he rolled in?

Sheriff Forbes: He's nothing like John. For one, he's not an ass. He's not a believer either. He wants nothing to do with the council. He's too preoccupied finding the perfect wave.

Damon: Thanks. (Sheriff Forbes walks away.) See you. (Damon continues to watch Mason and Carol.)

[Katherine walks towards the entrance of the Lockwood house. Tyler stops her and grabs her hands in appreciation.]

Tyler: Hey Elena, thanks for coming. Come on in.

[Katherine enters the house, smiling.]

Mystic Falls Hospital

[Elena and Stefan are outside, walking away.]

Elena: Hey, I just have to swing by home to pick up Jenna and Jeremy so we can go to the Lockwoods'. How did you leave him there, John?

Stefan: I...I asked him to leave town.

[They stop walking and look at each other.]

Elena: Asked? You threatened him.

Stefan: Yeah, I threatened him.

Elena: Good. I want him gone, Stefan. I know that I shouldn't feel that way but I don't want someone like that in my life. Or Jeremy's life.

Stefan: I know.

[She embraces him.]

Elena: So what now?

Stefan: Now (They pull apart.), I need to go find Damon.

Elena: Please Stefan, don't fight with him.

Stefan: No Elena, he tried to kiss you. I'm not okay with that.

Elena: That's not the problem, Katherine is. She's already messing with both of your heads and Damon is not stable when it comes to her. The last thing we need is to make things worse.

Lockwood Mansion

[Damon and Bonnie are talking.]

Bonnie: Did you know the Gilbert device affected Tyler Lockwood?

Damon: Well, I know it took the mayor down.

Bonnie: Don't you want to know why?

Damon: Yes Bonnie, I would love to know why a non-vampire was tortured by the vampire torture device that you let John Gilbert use against us. Speaking of your guilt, how's Caroline?

Bonnie: She's much better.

Damon: You're welcome.

Bonnie: No, you're welcome.

Damon: Why am I welcome?

Bonnie: You live to see another day.

Damon: No good deal goes unpunished with you, does it?

Bonnie: Doesn't undo the bad. I know what you are Damon, you might have Elena and the sheriff and everybody else fooled but not me. One wrong move and I'm gonna take you out.

Damon: Now you need to stop with the witches' brew. You're starting to believe your own press.

[She looks at Damon. Damon starts to hold his head in pain. Bonnie stops after a while.]

Bonnie: Oh, I'm sorry, you were saying?

[She walks out out to the front porch and over to Katherine, who Bonnie thinks is Elena.]

Bonnie: Oh my god! Damon drives me crazy. He's walking around like he's some kind of hero for healing Caroline when it's his fault all of this happened in the first place.

Katherine: I'm sorry Bonnie. What Damon's done is just awful.

Bonnie: Okay, better. Hateful Damon moment over.

[Bonnie touches her arm and immediately senses that she is not Elena.]

Bonnie: I've got to find Tyler and pay my respects. I'll be back.

Katherine: Okay.

[Bonnie walks away as Katherine watches her go. She walks into a room and immediately dials Elena on her phone.]

 Elena : Hello?

Bonnie: Elena? Where are you?

Elena: Bonnie, I know I'm late. I'm getting in the car now. I'll be there in five. (hangs up.)

[Bonnie is shocked. She turns around to leave but sees Katherine behind her. She gasps.]

Katherine: We haven't officially met. I'm Katherine.

Bonnie: I know who you are.

Katherine: Of course you do. You're the best friend right? I've been putting all the pieces of Elena's life together. Isobel told me it was a bit of a puzzle. I do know who Jenna and Jeremy are and I met that delicious ex-boyfriend Matt, who's sweet on Caroline, and then there's you, the vampire-hating Bennett witch. Did I do good?

[Bonnie tries to leave the room, but Katherine super speeds around her and blocks her way out. Bonnie uses her migraine inducing spell on Katherine. Katherine feigns being hurt.]

Katherine: I've been around a long time Bonnie; you're gonna have to do better than that.

[She grabs Bonnie by the throat and pushes her against the wall. She vamps out. Bonnie open the doors with her powers to expose them to the other guests. Katherine's face goes back to normal.]

Katherine: Nice.

[Stefan is standing outside the doorway.]

Stefan: Katherine.

Katherine: Stefan.

Stefan: Leave her alone.

Katherine: Okay.

[She releases her and leaves the room. Katherine traces her finger across his chest as she walks past him. Bonnie and Stefan look at each other and Stefan follows Katherine out into the main room.]

Stefan: What are you doing here?

Katherine: (grabs a drink off a tray) After the way you treated me last night, I thought that a public place would be less violent.

Stefan: You're taking this a little far, don't you think? Elena could walk in at any moment.

Katherine: Mmm, but that's part of the fun, Stefan. (She picks up a cherry from the food table.) Damon's here, somewhere. I've been avoiding him.

[Katherine puts the cherry in her mouth, but when she sees Matt, she takes it back out.]

Matt: (walks up to them) Hey guys.

Katherine: Hey Matt. I heard that Caroline is doing much better. Her recovery was practically miraculous, you must be so relieved.

Matt: I am. Thanks Elena. (He leaves.)

Katherine: Uh! His eyes are so blue!

Stefan: You need to leave now.

Katherine: You're hurting my feelings, Stefan. Damon was much happier to see me, then again he thought I was your girlfriend so...

Stefan: Katherine, I'm not doing this with you.

Katherine: Okay, how about we don't have a couple's fight in front of all of your friends? Walk with me.

Stefan: Just tell me what you're doing here.

Katherine: Maybe I missed you. Is that an acceptable reason?

Stefan: What game are you playing?

Katherine: Why, you want to play with me?

Stefan: I don't know. How can I play if I don't know the rules?

Katherine: No rules, Stefan. Don't you remember? No rules.

[Katherine walks out of the room and looks back at Stefan. Stefan looks at her. She holds her hand out for him. Stefan walks towards her. She smiles and turns around, still holding her hand out for Stefan to hold. Stefan walks right past her, ignoring her silent request to hold hands. Katherine drops her hand and follows Stefan.]
[Elena, Jenna and Jeremy arrive at the Mansion.]

Jenna: Looks like the whole town has turned out.

Elena: Yeah. Well he is...he was the mayor.

Jeremy: Why don't they save it for the funeral?

Jenna: That's what people do. The Lockwoods were here for us when we went through this. It'll be quick; we'll drop off the food and pay our respects and go.

Jeremy: In and out? It sounds like a plan.

Elena: (Elena sees Damon) You guys go ahead, I'll be right there, okay? (She goes toward Damon) Hey, how are you doing?

Damon: Great Elena. Walking on the sunshine, thanks for asking.

Elena: Damon.

Damon: Elena.

Elena: We should be able to talk about this. Damon, we're close enough now. I really want to know how you are doing.

Damon: I kissed you; I thought you kissed me back. Doppelgänger hijinks ensued. How do you think I'm doing?

Elena: I think that you're hurt.

Damon: No, I don't get hurt, Elena.

Elena: No, you don't admit that you get hurt. You get angry and cover it up and then you do something stupid.

Damon: You're scared. You think Katherine is gonna send me off the deep end, don't you? I don't need her for that.

[He begins to leave but stops.]

Damon: You know, why - why is it such a surprise that I would kiss you?

Elena: That's not a surprise. I'm surprised that you thought I would kiss you back.

Damon: Now I'm hurt.

[Damon turns to leave again, but Bonnie runs up to them.]

Bonnie: Elena!

Elena: Bonnie, what happened?

[Jeremy walks into the Mayor's office. Tyler is in there alone, drinking from a hip flask.]

Jeremy: Sorry, I was just looking for the...

Tyler: Bathroom is down the hall.

Jeremy: Hey look...I'm sorry about your dad.

Tyler: Today has been a big day of sorrys from people who really don't give a crap.

Jeremy: I remember when my dad died; I had a house full of strangers telling me what a great guy he was. Anyway, I know how hard all this is.

Tyler: The difference is in your case it was true. My dad was a dick.

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah he was.

Tyler: I found this in his desk.

[He holds the flask to Jeremy, he hesitates.]

Tyler: He won't mind, he's dead.

Jeremy: Yeah, you know what, sure. Why not?

[Jeremy takes the flask and drinks from it. Mason arrives.]

Mason: Hey, what's going on in here Tyler?

Tyler: Nothing, nothing.

Mason: (He looks at Jeremy) You have somewhere else to be? (He motions for the flask.)

[Jeremy gives him the flask and leaves. Mason drinks from it and gives the flask to Tyler who takes a drink.]
[Katherine and Stefan are outside, walking.]

Katherine: The Lockwoods have a lot more land than they used to. The possessions from all the tomb vampires built them quite a fortune.

Stefan: Yeah, why did you want them dead? You're the one who turned most of them.

Katherine: There's nothing more annoying than a vengeful vampire, Stefan. Just ask John Gilbert.

[They both stop walking.]

Stefan: You haven't changed at all, have you?

Katherine: But you have. You're stronger. Meaner. It's sexy.

Stefan: Don't flirt with me Katherine. I'm not Damon; I haven't spent one hundred and forty five years obsessed with you.

Katherine: Yeah, based on your choice of women, I'd say otherwise. Although I'll admit it does bother me that you've falling in love with someone else.

Stefan: I was never in love with you, Katherine. You compelled me. So none of my feelings were real.

Katherine: Believe what you want, Stefan, but I know the truth and deep down, so do you.

[Katherine presses her finger against his chest.]

Stefan: The truth? Well the truth is, you're the same lying, selfish, manipulative bitch that you've always been. So, whatever it is that brought you here, why don't you just get on with it and leave town? Because if you don't, I will hunt you down and I will rip your heart out.

Katherine: You want to know why I'm here Stefan? I came back for you.

Stefan: Well the problem, Katherine, is that I hate you.

[She takes an iron stem from the ground and stabs him in the stomach with it.]

Katherine: You hate me, huh? That sound like the beginning of a love story, Stefan, not the end of one.

[She removes the iron stem and flees.]
[Later, Elena and Stefan are sitting on a bench on the Lockwood grounds. Elena is wiping Stefan's wound with a cloth.]

Elena: You gonna be okay?

Stefan: Yeah, it will heal.

Elena: That's not what I meant.

Stefan: I was trying to figure her out. I was playing along and I let her get to me.

[Damon arrives.]

Damon: I tried to track her but she's gone. Oooh, cover up, Fabio. (Stefan pulls his shirt down) We got a crazy ex on the loose. (He looks at Elena) You better watch out, looks like Katherine is trying to steal your guy.

Stefan: That's not what's happening.

Damon: Isn't it? I mean it's only fair since I went after your girl.

Elena: I'm gonna go check on Jenna and Jeremy. Let me know when you guys are done.

[Elena leaves.]

Damon: So what's it gonna be huh? Fight to the death? (gets into a boxing pose and pretends to punch with his fists as Stefan snorts.) Go ahead, make your threats, stake your claim.

Stefan: I'm not gonna fight you.

Damon: Why?! I'd fight me.

Stefan: Katherine is gonna try to play us against each other, you do know that right?

Damon: Brother, don't you worry, our bond is unbreakable.

Stefan: We need to stay united against her. So yes, as much as I would like to kill you, I'm not gonna fight you.

Damon: I kissed Elena.

Stefan: Because you feel something for her, because you actually care and I'm not gonna let Katherine come in here and destroy that part of you that is finally, after all of this time, willing to feel something. She will try to break you, she will try to break us and how we respond to that will define us. It's our choice. So no, I'm not gonna fight you.

[He looks at Damon and leaves.]

Gilbert Residence

[John is preparing his luggage. Jeremy enters the room.]

John: Jeremy.

Jeremy: What are you doing here?

John: I'm packing, leaving.

Jeremy: So, you figured you'd kill all your evil vampires and then you leave town?

John: Not all, but enough. For now. Can you tell Elena I said goodbye?

Jeremy: Why don't you tell her yourself?

John: You know Jeremy, I was taught to hate them, the vampires. That's what I know; that's what your father knew.

Jeremy: My father would have seen things differently.

John: No, he may have done things differently but there's no other way to see it.

Jeremy: That ring on your finger, the one's that supposed to protect you, that was my father's right?

John: Yeah.

Jeremy: Then why didn't it protect him, why is he still dead?

John: What happened to your parents wasn't supernatural, it was an accident. There's nothing that can save us from that.

Jeremy: I wonder what he'd think of all this, of me.

John: He would think that you're still young. You're still finding yourself but you are a Gilbert and you've been exposed to this town's darkest secret and with that comes responsibility.

Jeremy: I don't believe in that family legacy stuff.

John: Sooner or later you'll have to.

Lockwood Mansion

[Tyler is in his father's office. He picks up a picture of him with his parents and looks at it. Suddenly, he smashes it against the desk. He proceeds to break all the other things on the desk. Carol walks in the room in shock.]

Carol: Tyler! What are you doing?

Tyler: I hate him.

Carol: Oh, don't say that, honey.

[She gently touches his shoulder to try and calm him. Tyler shoves her onto the couch.]

Tyler: Let go of me!

[Mason enters the room and rushes over to Tyler. He pushes him down on the floor.]

Tyler: Get off of me!

Mason: Hey, Tyler! Hey, hey!

[Tyler struggles with Mason.]

Tyler: I said get off me!

Mason: Tyler!

Tyler: Get off me!

Mason: Look at me. Look at me. Calm down. Settle down.

[Tyler stops fighting Mason. Carol gets up, but is still in shock.]

Carol: Oh, God.

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon walks into the living room and pours himself a drink. He starts to walk out but stops.]

Damon: Very brave of you to come here.

[He turns his head. Katherine is sitting on the couch.]

Katherine: I wanted to say goodbye.

Damon: Leaving so soon?

Katherine: I know where I'm not wanted.

Damon: Don't pout. It's not attractive on a woman your age.

Katherine: (scoffs) Ouch.

[Damon drinks his drink and starts to walk out of the room. Katherine superspeeds in front of him.]

Katherine: What, no goodbye kiss?

Damon: Why don't I kill you instead? What are you doing here?

Katherine: Nostalgia, curiosity, et cetera.

Damon: I'm better at the enigmatic one-liners, Katherine. What are you up to?

Katherine: Trust me Damon, when I'm up to something, you'll know it. Come on. Kiss me. Or kill me. Which will it be, Damon? We both know that you're only capable of one.

[She inches closer towards his lips. He turns and walks away. She rushes in front of him again and grabs him by the throat. She pushes him down to the floor and lies on top of him.]

Katherine: My sweet, innocent Damon.

[He turns himself on top of her and grabs her by the throat. After a few seconds of hesitation, he kisses her.]

Katherine: That's more like it.

[They continue to kiss. Katherine superspeeds Damon against the wall. She rips his shirt open. They continue kissing. Damon knocks books off a nearby table and pushes Katherine down onto the table. He continues kissing her neck, then pauses.]

Damon: Okay, wait, brief pause.

[Katherine casually pushes him off of her and stands up.]

Damon: I have a question. Answer it and it's back to fireworks and rockets red glare. Answer it right and I'll forget the last one hundred and forty five years that I've spent missing you. I'll forget how much I loved you, I'll forget everything and we can start over. This could be our defining moment because we have the time. That's the beauty of eternity.

[He gently caresses her face.]

Damon: I just need the truth, just once.

Katherine: Stop. I already know your question and its answer. The truth is...I've never loved you. It was always Stefan.

[She takes his hands off her face and leaves an upset Damon standing there.]

Gilbert Residence

[Elena exits her bathroom and goes into her bedroom. Damon is sitting on her bed. She is startled by his appearance.]

Elena: Oh god, you scared me.

Damon: Just doing my part in the neighborhood watch.

Elena: Thanks. For, um, for looking out for us. For me.

Damon: That's me, your trusty bodyguard. Calm in crisis.

Elena: Have you been drinking?

[Damon holds his forefinger and thumb a small distance apart, indicating that he has been drinking a little.]

Elena: And you're upset. That's not a good combination.

Damon: No, I'm not upset. Upset is an emotion specific to those who care.

Elena: Come on, Damon. That's a lie. You care.

[Damon looks up at her.]

Damon: You're surprised that I thought you would kiss me back? You can't imagine that I believed that you would want to?

Elena: Damon...

Damon: That what we've been doing here means something? You're the liar, Elena. There is something going on between the two of us and you know it.

[He gets up and walks towards her.]

Damon: And you're lying to me, and you're lying to Stefan, and, most of all, you're lying to yourself. I can prove it.

Elena: No.

[He quickly grabs her face in his hands and kisses her hard but soft and intensely with passion. Elena is clearly uncomfortable and not wanting the kiss to happen. She pulls away from him.]

Elena: Damon, don't! What's wrong with you?

Damon: Lie about this (he looks like he wants to get closer then through her in her bed and have his way with her).

Elena: Stop it! You're better than this, come on.

Damon: That's where you're wrong.

[Damon tries to kiss her again quickly, but Elena is prepared this time and pushes him back.]

Elena: No, no, no, Damon! I care about you. Listen to me, I care about you(Damon smiles slightly and entwines his hands with hers hoping to hear that he loves him back). I do but...I love Stefan, it's always gonna be Stefan.(Damon looks really hurt and angry by this and tightens his grip on her arms)

[Jeremy hears the commotion and looks in the doorway.]

Jeremy: Elena, what's going on in here?

[Damon and Elena look at him. Elena pulls her wrists out of Damon's grasp.]

Elena: Nothing, Jeremy. It's okay, just go back to bed.

Damon: No, it's not okay, Elena. (He looks at Jeremy and then at Elena) He wants to be a vampire.

[He rushes at Jeremy and pushes him against the wall.]

Elena: No, Damon, stop it!

[Damon is choking Jeremy.]

Damon: You want to shut out the pain? It's the easiest thing in the world. The part of you that cares just goes away, all you have to do is flip the switch and snap!

[He snaps Jeremy's neck. Jeremy falls to the floor, dead.]

Elena: Damon! NO!!!!!!!!

[She rushes over to Jeremy and cries. Damon looks at her and leaves. Elena clutches Jeremy in horror and then she notices John's magical ring on Jeremy's finger. She realizes he isn't permanently dead.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Tyler is sitting on the couch, Mason enters the room and sits down across from him.]

Mason: Your mom's out. I think she popped a couple of pharmaceuticals.

Tyler: I didn't mean to freak her out. I don't know why I get like this.

Mason: It's the curse of being a Lockwood.

Tyler: So how'd you get the chill gene?

Mason: I didn't. I've just learned how to manage it.

Tyler: I don't want to be like this anymore.

Mason: None of us do. That's why it's a curse, Tyler.

Gilbert Residence

[Elena is on the floor, cradling Jeremy in her arms. Stefan is standing behind her.]

Stefan: He saw the ring, that's why he did it. He knew.

Elena: He didn't see the ring.

Stefan: It's Katherine. She got under his skin. She undid everything that was good about him.

Elena: There's nothing good about him. Stefan, not anymore. He's decided what he wants. He doesn't want to feel, he wants to be hated, it's just easier that way. He got his wish.

[Damon is at the Salvatore boarding house. She throws his jacket onto a chair and pours himself a drink. He throws the glass into the fireplace.]

Elena: (cries) I hate him, Stefan.

[Stefan kneels down next to her and comforts her.]

Stefan: I know. I know.

[He kisses her on the shoulder. Jeremy suddenly wakes up gasping. Stefan takes his face and looks in his eyes.]

Elena: Is he okay? Stefan, is he okay?

Stefan: He's okay. Shhh, you're okay.

Jeremy: He killed me! Damon killed me!

Elena: (Elena embraces him and smiles) It's okay. Oh God.

[Stefan and Elena are both relieved.]

Mystic Falls Hospital

[Caroline is in bed, sleeping. She wakes up and sees Katherine.]

Caroline: Elena?

Katherine: Hey Caroline.

Caroline: What are you doing here?

Katherine: My name is Katherine. I was hoping you could give the Salvatore brothers a message for me.

Caroline: What are you talking about? What message?

Katherine: Game on.

Caroline: What?

[Katherine grabs one of Caroline's pillows and pushes it down over her face and smothers her. Caroline screams and struggles until she dies. Katherine takes the pillow off and places it next to Caroline. She casually walks out of the room.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16


