



Brave New World







Information


season
number




2
2






Navigation


previous
next




The Return
Bad Moon Rising





Contents

Mystic Falls Hospital




Caroline: Excuse me? Where is everyone?

Nurse: It's the middle of the night honey.

Caroline: It is? Oh, uh...have you seen my mom?

Nurse: She left after dinner with your boyfriend and then your friend Elena stepped by.

Caroline: She did? Yeah, she did but she said her name was Katherine. Can I just get something to eat?

Nurse: Breakfast comes around seven.

Caroline: But I'm hungry.

Nurse: You should go back to sleep.




Caroline: What is that smell?

Nurse: Back to bed.




Nurse: What are you doing in here?

Caroline: I don't know.

Nurse: You need to go back to bed.




Mystic Falls High School




Bonnie: Katherine looked just like you, it was freakish.

Elena: She is my ancestor. Hey, I moved the student booth into the cafeteria.

Bonnie: Your vampire ancestor and she didn't just resemble you like a family member would. She was you.

Elena: I don't know, I can't explain it. It's creepy, that's all I got.

Bonnie: How do you know she's not still out there pretending to be you?

Elena: I don't but I could sit here and be tortured by the not-knowing or I could get these prizes to the ring toss.

Bonnie: Have you talk to Damon since he killed Jeremy or tried to kill Jeremy?

Elena: No Bonnie, I haven't and I won't and I don't want to talk about Damon or anything else that's vampire related okay? (She gives a bag full of plush to Bonnie) I'm human. And I have to do human stuff. Otherwise, I'm going to go crazy.

Bonnie: Okay, I'm sorry, I'll focus. We have to make Caroline proud or she will kill us. I don't know how she does all of this.

Elena: Well because she's not human, obviously.

Bonnie: Obviously. (They laugh.)




Stefan: It's the same as the bracelet Elena gave you.

Jeremy: It protects me from compulsion.

Stefan: Vervain is toxic to vampires.

Jeremy: Like poison?

Stefan: Yeah, it's very poisonous. It keeps them out of your head.

Jeremy: But why vervain?

Stefan: Don't know, certain natural herbs and roots and other elements are just harmful to vampires.

Jeremy: Like a stake to the heart?

Stefan: Right but it has to be wood.

Jeremy: You're pretty confident in yourself telling me all the different ways I could kill you.

Stefan: Jeremy, if I thought you wanted to kill me we would be having a much different conversation.

Jeremy: Yeah, Damon is the one that deserves it.

Stefan: I want you to forget about Damon, all right? He's hundred times stronger than you and right now he's not stable. You got to try to move forward.

Jeremy: I was killed by a vampire and brought back by a magic ring. How do you move forward from that?

Stefan: Right. Well, today we have a nice little distraction courtesy of the slave driver Elena.




Stefan: Hello Elena.

Elena: Hey, did you...

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah, I set up the gold fish toss all three hundred gold fish. (Sarcastically) It's gonna be epic! (He leaves.)

Stefan: He's gonna be alright, he's just been through a little bit of an ordeal.

Elena: I was just hoping that this carnival would reel him back into the land of a high school teenager.

Stefan: That was what we were doing here?

Elena: Yes, we all are. We're going to be boring high school students who live in a world where the "v" word is not uttered.

Stefan: Got it!

Elena: Then later you're going to take me to the Ferris wheel, we're gonna ride to the very top and then you're gonna kiss me and my heart will flutter like a normal high school girl. Do you see a running theme here?

Stefan: Yeah I know, I'm seeing it and I'm liking it but I have a quick question. Uh, what do we do about Damon?

Elena: Uh, no "D" word okay? That has been deleted from the list of topics that we can discuss.

Stefan: Unfortunately Katherine showing up has been a little bit of an odd place, little off-kilter, kind of dangerous. Who knows what he's up to?

Lockwood Mansion




Carol: So I understand John Gilbert has left town. Have they found the vampire that attacked him?

Damon: Well, the sheriff has asked me to take the lead on that and I promise you I will get to the bottom of it.

Carol: Which brings me to my next subject. With Richard gone, I'll be acting as interim mayor until the elections and I'm going to need someone to spearhead out the council. I'd like that person to be you.

Damon: Whatever you need Carol. As a founding family member it's something that's very close to me so I would be honored to help keep this town safe from vampires.




Damon: Is it safe to talk?

Carol: It's my brother-in-law, Mason. He's still visiting. I just don't want him to hear us. He didn't want any part of the council when he lived here and I see no reason to bring him into it now.




Tyler: What was that? Like seven?

Mason: Six. I don't count the last one. You crawled it.

Tyler: What?

Mason: I think Grandma Lockwood actually passed you, in her walker.

Tyler: Yeah, okay. Shoes off. Mud...my mom...

Mason: Yeah, yeah.




Mason: So all this anger and aggression you're talking about, you notice a difference when you exercise?

Tyler: Dude, I play three varsity sports. I work out four times a week and run three. I'm gonna say no.

Mason: Do you have episodes? What happens exactly?

Tyler: Starts out normal, I get angry typically over nothing. I'm an angry guy. I know it just amplifies and I just go off.

Mason: You black out?

Tyler: Yeah, it's like I go blind with rage.

Mason: Is there a pattern? Like once a month, only at night?

Tyler: All I know is I lose myself, you know? For that time I become something else and I hate it.




Carol: More tea? Damon?

Damon: Oh yes, please. Thank you Carol.

Mystic Falls Hospital




Matt: Your mom said you're not eating.

Caroline: It's gross.

Matt: It's hospital food; it's supposed to be gross.




Matt: She also said you're getting released tomorrow morning.

Caroline: Morning? I need to get out tonight.

Matt: No, the carnival is going to happen without you, Caroline. I know it's hard for your neurotic control freak personality to process but Bonnie and Elena have it.

Caroline: I'm not neurotic.

Matt: Yeah you are but it's cute so...

Caroline: Look, it's not about the carnival okay? It's just that this place is just really depressing.

Matt: It's because you're sitting in the dark.




Caroline: No don't!




Matt: What the hell?

Caroline: Just close it, please?

Matt: What's wrong with you?

Caroline: (Firmly.) Close it!




Matt: I'll just come back later, okay? (He leaves.)

Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Care for one?

Stefan: No, thank you. I'm not hungry, just ate.

Damon: Are you worried that one day, all the forest animals are gonna band together and fight back? I mean, surely they talk.

Stefan: I'm just happy that's a blood bag and not a sorority girl supplying your dinner.

Damon: I like this. You, walking on eggs shells around me because you think I'm gonna explode. Very suspenseful. Is Elena worried too? I bet I'm your every conversation.

Stefan: Have you heard from Katherine?

Damon: I think the Lockwoods have a family secret because the Gilbert device affected them but vervain didn't so they're not vampires, they're something else.

Stefan: Is this your new obsession?

Damon: You'd rather some unknown supernatural element running rampant upon our town. Fine, I'll drop it.

Stefan: We haven't seen the last of Katherine, you do know that right? We have no idea what she's up to.

Damon: Sure we do. She came back to profess her undying eternal love for you so I'm gonna let you deal with her because I have more important things to do like explode. Cheers!

Mystic Falls Hospital




Nurse: That's pretty.

Caroline: Yeah, my friend gave it to me.




Nurse: What's wrong?

Caroline: (She strangles the nurse and pushes her at vamp-speed against the wall.) You can't tell anyone, you can't tell anyone! (She compels her.)

Nurse: I can't tell anyone.

Caroline: You'll do what I say?

Nurse: I'll do what you say.

Caroline: Good, because I'm starving. (She bites her.)

Mystic Falls High School




Bonnie: The ring toss is out of Bart and Homer dolls and Team Jacob T's.

Elena: Okay, I can grab some from the science club. Also we lost a speaker in the karaoke room.

Bonnie: Hey, all good Elena, take a beat, look around. This is a huge success.

Elena: You mean I can do more than just freak vampire havoc?

Bonnie: Go figure.




Elena: Hey, Carter, right? You're with the carnival.

Carter: That'll be me.

Elena: Okay, great.

Carter: (He looks at Bonnie) Wow, what do you need beautiful?

Bonnie: What do you know about karaoke speakers?

Carter: Why don't you show me the problem?

Elena: (Motioning encouragingly with her eyes.) Yeah Bonnie, show him the problem.

Bonnie: Okay, come on.




Lockwood Mansion




Tyler: What are you doing, huh?

Mason: Nothing, just killing time, waiting for you.

Tyler: You looking for something?

Mason: Yeah, actually. You know where I can find any family artifact stuff? Heirlooms?

Tyler: You drained your trust fund already?

Mason: I did that when I was 22. No, I'm just looking for this old piece of my mom's. My dad gave it to her when they got married. It's a sentimental value. Probably passed down to your dad. Could still be in the house here somewhere.

Tyler: What's it look like?

Mason: It's a moon stone: about the size of a hockey puck. Old, ugly, minimal monetary value.

Tyler: Hey man, whatever. Ask my mom I guess.

Mason: Yeah, cool, I'll do that. You're ready?

Tyler: Yeah.

Mystic Falls High School




Damon: Jeremy, it's so good to see you alive.

Jeremy: Aren't you a little old for a high school carnival?

Damon: A hundred and fifty years too old. (He takes some of Jeremy's popcorn and eats it.)

Jeremy: You're pretty funny cracking jokes when I could I don't know...blow the whole lid off this thing by telling someone what you really are.




Damon: So please tell me that that is not a threat.

Jeremy: Maybe it is.




Damon: This is what we're not gonna do: we're not gonna walk around like we are invincible when it's this easy for me to end you. (He releases him) If you want to tell people what I really am go ahead and try. (Damon holds up Jeremy's ring; he stole it from his hand) I will shove this ring so far up your ass, you'll really have something to choke on.




Mystic Falls Hospital




Caroline: The doctor said I'm good as new. He signed me out. He said that I didn't have to wait 'til morning, so call me when you get this.




Caroline: It's dark, thank god. I'm so sorry about that.




Caroline: Okay, now what's the story?

Nurse: My husband likes to get kinky.

Caroline: Yes, good. Okay, so I'm gonna take off. I'm the committee chair for the carnival and I'm worried it's a complete disaster. I mean god bless Elena, she does not understand the word fabulous. (She takes her bag) Once again I'm so sorry about that and if you could just forget that I bit you that would be great because I'm going to...

Nurse: (Affected by compulsion.) Forget what?

Caroline: I don't know how that works but it's brilliant. (She leaves.)

Mystic Falls High School




Stefan: You're lurking.

Damon: I'm observing.

Stefan: More like obsessing.




Damon: He's got strength.

Stefan: He's a triple letter varsity athlete, of course he has strength. You're reaching.




Mason: I bet I can take you.

Damon: Enter the uncle.

Stefan: That's ridiculous.




Tyler: Okay, he's the champ, who wants to go next?

Damon: Stefan wants to go.

Stefan: Yeah, sure, I'll...give it a shot.




Damon: Get him Stef!

Stefan: My brother over there thinks I can beat you.

Mason: Your brother's wrong.




Damon: (Angrily.) You didn't put in any effort at all.

Stefan: Yeah, actually I did.

Damon: (Surprised.) Come with me.




Damon: Is he...?

Stefan: No, no, it wasn't that kind of strength but it was more than human, if that makes any sense.

Damon: What is up with that family? They're not vampires, what the hell are they?

Stefan: (Jokingly.) Ooh, ah, maybe they're, um, ninja turtles!

Damon: You're not funny.

Stefan: Or no, zombies, werewolves.

Damon: No comedic timing at all.




Stefan: What? What are you up to?

Damon: This is reality and there's no such thing as werewolves or...combat turtles.

Stefan: I said ninja turtles, actually.

Damon: (Damon goes toward Carter) Hey you!

Carter: I have a name.

Damon: Yeah I don't care. (He catches his shoulders and compels him) I need you to pick a fight with someone, a kid named Tyler Lockwood.

Stefan: Damon, don't do this.

Damon: (Motioning Damon away with a brushing motion of his fingers.) It's just an experiment. Get him mad, don't back down no matter what he does, okay?

Carter: I won't back down.

Damon: I know you won't.




Stefan: Do you realize someone is going to get hurt right?

Damon: No, someone is going to get mad, as in rage.

Stefan: What's that going to accomplish?

Damon: That Tyler kid is incapable of walking away from a fight. Let's see who intervenes; maybe it's the ambiguous, supernatural mystery uncle.




Damon: Hey Blondie, they let you out?

Caroline: I remember.

Damon: What do you remember?

Caroline: I remember how you manipulated me, you pushed me around, abused me, erased my memories, fed on me.

Damon: You're crazy.

Caroline: Memories have been coming back, in pieces.

Damon: You can't remember. It's impossible, I mean unless you're becoming a...

Caroline: (She smiles) I have a message from Katherine, she said "Game on".

Damon: Wait...




Caroline: You suck. (She leaves.)




Damon: Elena.

Elena: What do you want, Damon?

Damon: I know I'm the last person you want to see right now but I need you to come with me.

Elena: Whatever it is I'm not interested.

Damon: Yeah, I need you to come with me right now, Elena.






Tyler: Watch where you're going.

Carter: You got a problem?

Tyler: Yeah, you walked right into me.

Carter: What are you going to do about it?

Tyler: You're kidding right? (Carter pushes him.) You better back off. (Carter pushes him.) You hit me again, I swear to god...




Mason: Hey Tyler! Tyler! What the hell man?




Tyler: Your eyes!




Stefan: You all right man?

Carter: Why did I just do that?

Stefan: You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.




Matt: What are you doing here?

Caroline: They discharged me. All better!

Matt: How do you feel?

Caroline: I feel pretty good.

Matt: Yeah, 'cause earlier you were...

Caroline: I'm all better. (She kisses him quickly.) All better!

Matt: Okay, um, you want to give it a shot?

Caroline: Yeah!




Matt: Whoa, hey, nice shot, killer!

Caroline: They must already have already been broken.




Caroline: Oh no.

Matt: What's wrong?

Caroline: I got to go. (She leaves and he follows her.)

Matt: Wait Care, are you okay, I mean...

Caroline: Just leave me alone! (She leaves.)




Stefan: How did this happen?

Damon: Well, I fed her blood and Katherine obviously killed her and A plus B equals...

Elena: But why?

Damon: Because Katherine is a manipulative, nasty, little slut.

Stefan: And she said "game on"? I mean, what does that even mean?

Damon: It means she's playing dirty. She wants us to know.

Elena: But why Caroline?

Damon: I don't know.

Stefan: Caroline must be completely out of her mind, she doesn't even know what's happening to her.

Damon: Oh I think she does. All of my compulsion from the past started wearing off the minute she was in transition.

Stefan: We have to find her.

Damon: Yep, and kill her.

Elena: You're not gonna kill Caroline.

Damon: She knows who we are. She's officially a liability, and we've got to get rid of her.

Stefan: Damon, absolutely not.

Damon: Need I remind you of a tragic little story of a girl named Vicki Donovan? Caroline, of all people, will not make it as a vampire. Her mother is a vampire hunter. Guys come on, we all know how this story's gonna end, just flip to the last chapter and...

Elena: It's not an option Damon.

Damon: No? Your silence is deafening, Stefan. Wait, wasn't there a school carnival the night you staked Vicki? I never had a town where history repeats itself. You know I'm right.

Stefan: We're not gonna kill her.




Damon: (Looking at Elena.) It's the only way.




Carter: Hey, is everything okay?

Caroline: I'm so sorry.

Carter: What? (She rushes over behind him and bites him twice. She throws him back, sits on his chest and ravenously drinks again.)




Matt: She's obviously pissed at me for something but for what, no clue.

Bonnie: What happened?

Matt: She freaked out and she's been like that all day. Cool one minute and crazy and neurotic the next.

Bonnie: She almost died, it's bound to mess with her head. Plus, she's Caroline.

Matt: Yeah, I'm used to the insecurities and all that. It's who she is, love it or hate it, but this seemed...I don't know...different...more. I can't explain it.




Elena: You agree with Damon, don't you? Stefan?




Elena: Stefan. Hey.

Stefan: Damon's right, not about what we should do but about what's gonna happen. Katherine already signed Caroline's death sentence.

Elena: Well we can't let it end that way. She's doing this to me, isn't she?

Stefan: Actually, she's doing it to me.

Lockwood Mansion




Mason: All right, we're home.

Tyler: Safe territory, enough with the silence.

Mason: Told you to leave it alone.

Tyler: What was that move you pulled?

Mason: Brazilian martial art. I took some classes a while back.

Tyler: Don't lie to me!

Mason: I'm not lying.

Tyler: I saw something!

Mason: You didn't see anything.

Tyler: I saw your eyes, they glowed.

Mason: Reflection of a car headlight maybe, that's all.

Tyler: Reflection of a car headlight...

Mason: Yes.

Tyler: You really expect me to believe that?

Mason: Tyler! You want to know what you saw? You saw me get pissed off that I had to pull your delinquent ass out of a fight!




Mystic Falls High School




Elena: Where could she be? (sees Stefan) What is it? Do you hear her? What's going on Stefan, what is it?

Stefan: Blood. I can smell blood.




Caroline: He's dead. I killed him. What's wrong with me? (She cries.)

Damon: (Comfortingly.) Hey, hey it's okay. I can help you.

Caroline: You can?

Damon: Yeah, I have to.

Caroline: What are you gonna do?

Damon: The only thing I can do. I'm gonna kill you.

Caroline: Please don't! I don't want to die!

Damon: Yeah, but you are already dead.

Caroline: No! I'm not. Don't say that, okay? Just help me!

Damon: Okay.

Caroline: Okay? Just help me please! Please, please!

Damon: Okay, okay. It's the only way.




Damon: Stefan!




Caroline: (Thinking Elena is Katherine) Get away from me! You killed me!

Elena: No, no, no, no, Caroline, That wasn't me. You know that. That was Katherine.

Caroline: No! Then why did she look like you?! And why, why did she do this to me?!

Elena: Stefan, we've got to get her inside.

Stefan: It's alright, Caroline, come with me.

Damon: She will die, it's only a matter of time.

Stefan: Yeah, maybe so, but it's not gonna happen tonight.

Damon: Oh, yeah, it is.




Elena: Damon, she's my friend.




Damon: Whatever happens, it's on you.




Bonnie: Caroline?

Stefan: It's okay, come on.

Bonnie: (sees the blood on Caroline's face) No, you're not; you can't be. (She touches her and is horrified by the truth.)

Caroline: Bonnie?




Bonnie: Oh, god!

Caroline: Bonnie...




Caroline: She hates me! Bonnie hates me.

Stefan: No, no, she's just in shock, we all are.

Caroline: And what about Matt? (She cries.)

Stefan: Ssh. One thing at one time, let's get this blood off, come on.

Caroline: I'm a murderer. I'm a monster.

Stefan: Look at me, your emotions are heightened right now. It's part of the transformation. it's completely normal. I promise you. Okay?




Caroline: Why does this keeping happening to my face?!

Stefan: Look at me, look at me, look at me! Caroline, Caroline! Look at me! Look at my face, look at my face! (His face has changed too) You see that? When you feel the blood rushing, you tell yourself that you're going to get through it, that you're strong enough. Yes, yes, no matter how good it feels to give yourself over to it, you fight it off, you bury it. Watch me, watch me. (His face is normal again) It's the only way you're gonna survive this thing. Try.




Stefan: That's good.

Caroline: Why did Katherine do this to me?

Stefan: I don't know, I wish I did. Hey, hey, I promise you I will not let anything happen to you. Come here. Come here. (He embraces her.)




Bonnie: I can't believe this is happening.




Damon: Come on, don't pout about it. I got a body to bury.




Damon: I thought you were calling the shots. No? Hm, it sucks to be you, buddy.




Bonnie: I told you what would happen if anyone else got hurt.

Damon: I didn't do this!

Elena: Bonnie, it wasn't his fault.

Bonnie: Everything that happens is his fault, Elena.

Elena: Bonnie, what are you doing?




Elena: Bonnie, stop it!




Elena: Bonnie! Bonnie, stop it! You're going to kill him!




Elena: Bonnie!




Bonnie: Why... Why did you stop me?!

Elena: Because this isn't us. Bonnie, this can't be us.






Stefan: Hey. Caroline is okay for now. I'm gonna check in on her later.

Elena: What about the guy that she...

Stefan: It's taken care of.

Elena: Damon's right, isn't he? It won't end well for her.

Stefan: No, I'm gonna make sure that he's wrong.

Elena: I just can't believe what this day has turned into.

Stefan: Not your normal day, huh?

Elena: I was stupid to think that it could be. I mean, nothing about my life is normal. My best friend is a witch, my friend is a vampire and I have a doppelgänger who's hell-bent on destroying all of us.

Stefan: I'm sorry.

Elena: No, it's not your fault, Stefan. It's no one's fault you know? It is what it is.




Elena: I'm fine, I'm fine. It's just that...you know what? I'm fine. Okay, I'm gonna to call you tomorrow, okay? Good night Stefan. (She leaves.)

Stefan: Good night.

Lockwood Mansion




Carol: I think it's good for Tyler to have you in the house.

Mason: I appreciate that Carol.

Carol: Oh, and I can see If I can dig up that stone you're looking for. It's bound to be tucked away in one of Richard's nooks and crannies.




Mason: Hey man, you heading up?

Tyler: In a minute. Good night mom.

Carol: Good night Tyler. (leaves.)

Mason: Hey, I'm sorry about earlier, we're all good?

Tyler: Yeah, we're good.

Mason: All right.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: What the hell are you doing here?

Jeremy: You don't lock your front door.

Damon: Yeah.




Jeremy: No I wouldn't...I laced it with vervain.

Damon: Why would you do that?




Jeremy: So I could stake you...with this.




Damon: You came here to kill me?

Jeremy: It's only fair. You killed me first.

Damon: What made you wisen up?

Jeremy: My father hated vampires, my uncle too. They were absolute. They knew exactly what they stood for and I figure maybe I should too. I mean, stand for something. But killing you, what's that gonna do?

Damon: Look, I don't do the big brother thing very well. Sorry, I don't have any milk and cookies to offer you.

Jeremy: Dick.




Damon: Wait. My father hated vampires too.

Jeremy: He did?

Damon: For the same reasons your dad did. Only it was 1864. People knew how to whittle.




Damon: Did you do this?

Jeremy: Yeah I tried. It's a lot harder than it looks.

Forbes Residence




Caroline: What are you doing here?

Matt: I came to see if today's basket case period has expired.

Caroline: You know you should just go 'cause my mom is gonna be home soon.

Matt: No, look, you've been dodging me all day. I mean, I'm more insecure than you are now.

Caroline: What do you mean?

Matt: It means that...you almost died and it really freaked me out and it got me thinking you know 'cause...I'm not in a position where I can lose someone else right now. I realized, even though today I wanted to throttle you, I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with you and now it seems like you don't feel the same way.




Gilbert Residence




Elena: Hi. What time is it?

Stefan: It's almost dawn. Come with me.

Mystic Falls High School




Elena: Stefan what are we doing here? We could get caught.

Stefan: Well, I compelled the guard to on break so I could kiss my girlfriend on top of the Ferris wheel.




Elena: Stefan...

Stefan: We have to take these moments, Elena. What Katherine did to Caroline could just be the beginning and there are things with Tyler's family that we don't even understand yet and there's always the "D" word but I came back to this town to start a life with you. We can't forget to live it.

Elena: But Stefan, how are we gonna get to the top?

Stefan: I guess you'll just have to hold on tight.




Elena: What?

Stefan: It's just so nice to see you laugh.




Elena: It's not going to get any easier, is it?

Stefan: No, it's not.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
