



Klaus







Information


season
number




2
19






Navigation


previous
next




The Last Dance
The Last Day





Contents[show]
Salvatore Boarding House

[Elena is waiting for Elijah to wake up. Suddenly he wakes up. Elena rushes over to him. He's in shock when he sees her)]

Elena: Elijah.

Elijah: Katerina!

England 1492

[Inside a mansion a party is underway. The room is filled with guests talking to each other. Trevor is speaking with a woman. He walks over to Elijah.]

Elijah: Ah, good evening, Trevor. I am pleased you could join us.

Trevor: I could not miss the birthday celebration.

Elijah: No, considering the gift you claim to bear. Where is this mystery girl of which you speak?

Trevor: Right this way.

[Elijah follows him. They join Katherine.]

Trevor: My dear.

Katherine: Hello.

[Elijah is in shock.]

Salvatore Boarding House

Elena: Elijah! It's me, it's Elena.

Elijah: Oh, my God.

England 1492

[Later in the party.]

Elijah: Forgive me. You remind me of someone.

Trevor: Katerina, may I introduce the lord Elijah.

[Elijah holds out his hand. She takes it and curtsies.]

Katherine: Pleasure, my lord.

Elijah: The pleasure's mine. Katerina.

[He kisses her hand.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[He closes his eyes. Elena gets closer but his body spasms. He gets up and is gasping for air.]

Elijah: I can't-I can't breathe! What's happening to me?

[He rushes over near the door but slams into the doorway. She rushes over to him and holds him up.]

Elijah: I can't...I can't be in this house.

Elena: You're not invited in.

Elijah: Then get me out of here.

[He slams into another wall and disappears. Elena runs after him and goes to the front door. Elijah is crouching outside. He gets up and rushes at her to enter but freezes at the threshold, unable to enter.]

Elijah: What happened?

Elena: Shh!

[She shows him that Stefan and Damon can hear and she whispers.]

Elena: I'll tell you. Not here. Can I trust you?

[He whispers too.]

Elijah: Can I trust you?

[She gives him the dagger. He takes it.]
[Stefan is in his bedroom. He wakes up with a start and notices Elena's not there. He goes downstairs.]

Stefan: Elena!

[Andie is there in a doorway, holding a cup of coffee.]

Stefan: Hey.

Andie: Hey.

Stefan: Have you seen Elena?

Andie: Uh, no.

[Damon walks over to her.]

Damon: Hi, sweetie. Oh, my coffee.

[He kisses her.]

Andie: Good morning.

Damon: Mm, good morning.

Stefan: Hey, where's Elena?

Damon: I don't know, Stefan. It's your girlfriend. Mine's right here.

[He looks at Andie.]

Damon: Oh, and how's the shoulder? Got time for a bite? I'm so hungry.

Andie: Oh, it's really messy. Can you just use a blood bag today?

[Stefan is on the phone and looks at them.]

Andie: I'm already late for work.

Damon: No!

[He pouts. Stefan leaves a message to Elena.]

Stefan: Hey, it's me. Where are you? Call me.

[He hangs up. Damon and Andie are kissing.]

Stefan: What are you doing? She's not a wind-up toy.

[Andie looks at him.]

Andie: It's really none of your business, is it, Stefan?

Damon: Yeah. What she said.

Andie: I have to go to work.

[She kisses him.]

Damon: Ugh! Bye.

[She leaves. Stefan sees that the basement door is open. He rushes over to it to investigate. Damon senses concern and follows him. Stefan arrives at the cellar and sees that Elijah's not there. Damon appears behind him soon after.]

Damon: No, she didn't.

Alaric's Residence

[Klaus/Alaric is at the door with Maddox. Katherine is making coffee.]

Maddox: I'll be back as soon as I can.

Klaus/Alaric: Yes, do hurry. I'm anxious to get out of this body. And if you get hung up, call me. You know how impatient I get.

[Maddox leaves. Klaus/Alaric closes the door.]

Katherine: Where is he going?

[She holds out her coffee for Klaus.]

Klaus/Alaric: To retrieve me. So I can get out of this bad hair-do.

Katherine: Are you sure that's a good idea, Klaus?

Klaus/Alaric: Well, the full moon is almost upon us.

[He puts the moonstone on the table.]

Klaus/Alaric: I've killed the witch, I have the moon stone, and the doppelgänger is waiting in the wings. Ohh, I am ready to break this curse.

Katherine: And why would you do that here? There's so many people that would try to stop you.

Klaus/Alaric: Because I have to. It's the birthplace of the doppelgänger.

Katherine: I didn't realize that was a requirement.

Klaus/Alaric: Well, how could you? You betrayed me and fled England before I could give you the details, Katerina. But I did find your birthplace and I slaughtered your family. So I guess we're cool. Let's just hope that Elena isn't as stupid as you were.

Katherine: She won't run. She'll die before she lets anyone that she loves get hurt.

Klaus/Alaric: And that's exactly what I'm counting on.

[He compels her.]

Klaus/Alaric: You can't leave until I tell you to.

[He leaves.]

Mystic Falls

[Elena is driving and parks her car at the side of the road. Elijah is next to her drinking blood from a blood bag.]

Elena: You look better.

Elijah: Where did you get the dagger?

Elena: I'll tell you everything. But we have to work together, Elijah. I need your word.

Elijah: Your ability to make demands has long passed.

Elena: No demands. I'm offering you my help. And in return, I want yours.

Elijah: And why should I even consider this?

Elena: The same reason that you haven't killed me. You need my help to kill Klaus. And I need you.

[Her phone buzzes. She answers. It's Stefan.]

Stefan: Where are you? Are you okay?

Elena: Yes, I'm fine.

Stefan: Where's Elijah?

Elena: He's right here.

Stefan: Where? I'm on my way.

Elena: No, Stefan, Elijah and I need some time alone.

Stefan: Listen to me. He can't be trusted he'll use you to get to Klaus.

Elena: Elijah is a noble man, Stefan. He lives by a code of honor. I can trust him. He knows that I'd be incredibly stupid to betray him again. By removing the dagger, I have proven myself.

Stefan: You can't do this alone.

Elena: It's my decision, Stefan. Please respect it. And make sure that Damon doesn't do anything stupid. I'll be in touch.

[She hangs up. Elijah holds his hand out. Elena gives him her phone. He puts it in his jacket pocket.]

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: Did she just hang up on you?

Stefan: She did.

Damon: She's lost it.

Stefan: If anyone can get him to help us kill Klaus, it's her.

Damon: Bonnie's the way to kill Klaus, Stefan. He thinks she's dead. We have a chance with her.

Stefan: She'll kill herself in the process. Elena's looking for another way.

Damon: Her way's going to get her killed. So we need to find her and stop her.

[He gets up. Stefan gets up too.]

Stefan: No, you need to back off.

Damon: What?!

Stefan: Look, I don't like this any more than you do. But we need to trust her. We gotta just let her do her thing.

Damon: That might be your plan. Mine's better.

[He tries to leave but Stefan grabs his arm.]

Stefan: I said back off.

Mystic Falls

[Elena and Elijah are still in Elena's car.]

Elena: He's here.

Elijah: Klaus is here?

Elena: He's taken over Alaric's body.

Elijah: Of course he has. One of his favorite tricks.

Elena: Well, what are his other tricks? What is he going to do next? You're the only one who knows him.

Elijah: Yes, I do.

England 1492

[Elijah is with Katerina.]

Katherine: So where is this mysterious host I've heard so much about?

Elijah: Fashionably late. He likes to make an entrance.

[Elijah sees someone coming down the stairs.]

Elijah: Here he is.

[Klaus is hidden by the crowd. Katerina is looking for him. She finally sees him. He rejoins them.]

Elijah: Katerina, may I introduce to you the lord Niklaus.

[She curtsies to Klaus. Klaus takes and kisses her hand.]

Klaus: Niklaus is the name my father gave me. Please. Call me Klaus.

[He smiles at her.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Elijah knocks on the door. Carol opens it.]

Carol: Elijah, Elena! What are you doing here? What happened?

Elijah: I've had a bit of an incident, Carol. I'm hoping you could help.

Carol: Well, I'm on my way to a meeting, so I-

[He compels her.]

Elijah: It won't take but a minute of your time.

[She smiles.]

Carol: Of course. Anything you need.

Elijah: Thank you.

[They enter.]

Elijah: Well, first things first. I'm going to need a change of clothing.

Carol: Well, we can try one of my husband's suits. I haven't boxed them up yet.

Elijah: Wonderful.

[She goes upstairs.]

Elena: How did you know she's not on vervain?

Elijah: 'Cause I'm the one who got her off it. Right before you and your friends killed me. Twice. If you'll excuse me. I'll be down in a moment.

[He goes upstairs.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Stefan picks up his phone. It's Jenna. Damon is in the living room too.]

Stefan: Hello?

Jenna: Hey, Stefan. It's Jenna.

Stefan: Jenna, hey.

Jenna: Where's Elena? And Jeremy? No one's answering their phones.

Stefan: Ah, Elena's not here at the moment. Is, uh, is everything okay?

Jenna: She left me all these weird messages telling me to stay away from Rick. What's going on?

Stefan: It's really hard to explain over the phone, but, um, she was hoping that you could stay on campus for a little while longer.

Jenna: Oh, that's kinda hard to do from my kitchen.

Stefan: Wait, you're home?

Jenna: Yeah. What's going on? Where's Elena? I'm supposed to meet Ric at the Grill for lunch, to talk.

Stefan: Jenna, listen to me carefully. Whatever you do, do not meet Alaric at the Grill. I'm going to come over right now and I'll explain everything.

[He hangs up and looks at Damon, who's pouring himself a drink.]

Damon: Wow, I'd love to lend you a hand, but you wouldn't want me doing anything stupid.

Stefan: It's seriously going to be like this?

Damon: You and your girlfriend are calling the shots. I'm just backing off, Stefan.

[Stefan leaves. Andie joins Damon.]

Damon: Hi.

Andie: Hi.

Damon: Let's go.

Andie: Where are we going?

Damon: Splitting from the team. Going rogue. Come on.

Lockwood Mansion

[Elijah and Elena are sitting on the living room. Elijah is wearing one of Mayor Lockwood's suits.]

Elijah: So I assume that the Martin witches are no longer with us.

Elena: No. I'm sorry.

Elijah: And Katerina? She would have been released from my compulsion when I died.

Elena: Klaus took her. We think that she may be dead.

Elijah: I doubt that. Not Klaus' style. Death would be too easy for her after what she did.

Elena: I don't understand. You say that you want Klaus dead, but you still made Katherine pay for betraying him.

Elijah: I have my own reasons for wanting Katerina to pay. There was a time...I'd have done anything for Klaus.

England 1492

Klaus: From where have you come, Katerina?

Katherine: I'm new to town, my lord.

[Elijah looks at Klaus with a smile.]

Elijah: Katerina is from Bulgaria.

Klaus: Zdravei, Katerina.

[She laughs in delight at the unexpected use of her mother tongue.]

Katherine: Very good.

[Klaus looks at Elijah.]

Klaus: Do you mind, brother? I would like to have a moment alone with her.

Elijah: No not at all. Happy Birthday, brother.

[Klaus smiles and leaves with Katerina.]

Lockwood Mansion

Elijah: Yes. Klaus is my brother.

Elena: I heard that. I'm still processing.

Elijah: Yes, I'm a little behind on the times, but I believe the term you're searching for is "O.M.G."

[He drinks some tea.]

Alaric's Residence

[Katherine is spinning on a swivel chair to amuse herself while music is playing. She gets up opens a cupboard and finds a bottle of bourbon whiskey. She takes it and smiles. She opens it and takes a drink from it and hears someone with her vampire hearing.]

Andie: I don't think this is a good idea.

Damon: Investigative journalism....we're investigating.

[Damon and Andie are outside the apartment. She knocks on the door.]

Andie: Alaric, are you home? Andie...Star, Jenna's friend.

[Katherine tries goes to grab the doorknob but an invisible force prevents her hand from touch it. She tries again, gives up, and walks away from the door. Andie and Damon open the door.]

Katherine: Thank God.

[Andie enters.]

Andie: Wow! You were right. She looks exactly like Elena.

Damon: Yep.

[He can't enter. He looks at Katherine.]

Damon: Thought you might be dead.

Katherine: Unfortunately not.

Gilbert Residence

[Jenna opens the door for Stefan and he walks in.]

Stefan: Hey, Jenna. Thank you so much for not going to the Grill.

Jenna: Um, Stefan...

Stefan: No, listen. I can explain.

[She looks over Stefan's shoulder. He turns around. Klaus/Alaric's there.]

Klaus/Alaric: Hi, Stefan. How's it going?

Lockwood Mansion

Elena: There's a whole family of Originals?

Elijah: My father was a wealthy land owner in a village in Eastern Europe. Our mother bore seven children.

Elena: So your parents were human?

Elijah: Our whole family was. Our origin as vampires is a very long story, Elena. Just know...We're the oldest vampires in the world. We are the Original family, and from us all vampires were created.

Elena: Right, but Klaus is your brother. And you want him dead?

Elijah: I need some air. I'm still feeling a tad...dead. Come.

[Elijah and Elena leave the room.]

Alaric's Residence

Katherine: What are you doing here?

Andie: We are here to rescue you.

Damon: No, sweetie. We are here to see if she deserves to be rescued.

Andie: Right.

Damon: I figured you still might be kicking. Alaric-Klaus was blending way too easily. Figured he probably had some coaching.

[He shows her a phial.]

Katherine: Is that...?

Damon: Vervain? Your salvation.

Katherine: It's not going to undo anything.

Damon: There's always a loophole. Did he tell you to stay in this apartment until he said it was okay to leave?

[She goes to speak but finds herself unable to.]

Damon: You can't say. Did he tell you to do absolutely everything he says until the end of time?

Katherine: No.

Damon: There's your loophole. Drink this and it'll prevent any further compulsion.

[She comes closer to take it but she is unable to cross the threshold.]

Katherine: Give it to me.

Damon: Answer one question first. You double-crossed us with Isobel, why?

Katherine: I didn't think you could stand a chance against Klaus, so I was looking out for myself.

Damon: And where did that get you? Here.

[He tosses her the phial.]

Damon: Be careful with that. If he finds out you have that, you're never getting out of here.

[She drinks and coughs.]

Damon: You owe me. And I will collect.

[He looks at Andie.]

Damon: Come on.

Andie: Nice to meet you.

[She closes the door.]

Gilbert Residence

[Klaus/Alaric is chopping some food with a big knife. Jenna and Stefan are looking at him.]

Klaus/Alaric: You know, I find chopping...calming. The feel of the blade in the hand, maybe.

Jenna: I'm still waiting for someone to tell me what the hell's going on.

Klaus/Alaric: Well, would you like to tell her, Stefan, or should I?

Jenna: Tell me what?

Klaus/Alaric: Do you believe in vampires, Jenna? No?

[He laughs.]

Klaus/Alaric: Well, who does, right? But believe it or not, they do have a place in our history. And as a history teacher, I find them fascinating.

Jenna: Why are we talking about this?

Klaus/Alaric: Well, you've been angry with me for keeping secrets, and this is one of my secrets. I'm obsessed with vampires. There. I said it.

[He laughs.]

Jenna: Are you joking?

Klaus/Alaric: Not at all. How about you, Stefan? Are you a fan of vampires?

Stefan: In literature. Bram Stoker. It's dense, but I appreciate it.

Klaus/Alaric: Hmm. Did you know that vampires are the oldest creatures of the night? Except for werewolves, of course.

Jenna: Werewolves. Werewolves. Now I know you're joking.

Klaus/Alaric: You know, I've read that there's an Aztec curse on both species that keeps werewolves slaves to the Moon and vampires bound by the Sun. Isn't that right, Stefan? You know, they say these creatures would do anything to have this curse broken and that they wouldn't care who they had to kill to do it.

[Jenna looks at him alarmed.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Elena and Elijah are walking outside.]

Elijah: So as you've seen, nothing can kill an Original. Not Sun, not fire, not even a werewolf bite. Only the wood from one tree. A tree my family made sure burned.

Elena: That's where the white ash for the dagger comes from.

Elijah: Yes. The witches won't allow anything truly immortal to walk the earth. Every creature needs to have a weakness in order to maintain the balance.

Elena: So the Sun can't kill an Original. Why is Klaus so obsessed with breaking the Sun and Moon curse?

Elijah: Right. The curse of the sun and the moon. It's all so...biblical-sounding, don't you think?

[He smiles.]

Elena: What's so funny?

England 1492

[Klaus is sitting on a chair in a bedroom of the mansion. A woman is in front of him. Elijah's there too. He shows him a parchment.]

Elijah: Look. A Roman parchment.

Klaus: I remember etching this scroll. Well, I was quite blistered from drink.

Elijah: Your finest work remains your Aztec drawings.

Klaus: Not the African carvings? 'Cause I was quite proud of those.

Elijah: The Aztec. Who can resist a shaman?

[Klaus laughs.]

Klaus: Yes!

Lockwood Mansion

Elena: I don't understand. So Klaus drew the Aztec sketches about the curse?

Elijah: Roman scrolls, African tribal etchings, and any other culture or continent we felt like planting in it.

Elena: But why?

Elijah: Easiest way to discover the existence of a doppelgänger or to get your hands on some long, lost moonstone is to have every single member of two warring species on the lookout.

Elena: So it's not Aztec at all?

Elijah: The curse of the Sun and the Moon...is fake. It doesn't exist.

[He starts walking away.]

Elena: What?!

[She starts following him.]

Gilbert Residence

[Alaric/Klaus, Jenna and Stefan are sitting at the table having dinner.]

Klaus/Alaric: Oh, I know this all sounds so crazy, but...vampires are real. Would you care for some more wine?

[He gets up to get a bottle of wine for Jenna.]

Jenna: Get out.

Klaus/Alaric: Excuse me?

Jenna: I don't know what it is you're trying to do or why you're saying these things, but...

Klaus/Alaric: Jenna...

Jenna: I said get out!

[Stefan gets up.]

Stefan: You heard her.

Klaus/Alaric: I'm afraid I don't want to.

Jenna: Fine! I'll go.

[Klaus/Alaric picks up a kitchen knife off the counter.]

Klaus/Alaric: You're not going anywhere.

[Stefan grabs him and pushes him against the wall with his super speed and puts the knife on his throat.]

Jenna: Stefan!

Stefan: Jenna, get out of here now!

Klaus/Alaric: You can't kill me, Stefan.

Stefan: Watch me!

Jenna: Stefan!

Klaus/Alaric: I may not have a witch protecting me today, but if you kill this body, what's to stop me from choosing Jenna as my next one?

Stefan: Jenna, go.

Jenna: But you're...you...

[He looks at her. His face has changed.]

Stefan: (Shouting.) I said go!

[She runs out of the house.]

Klaus/Alaric: Kill me. Just remind Elena how easy it will be for me to get my revenge if she tries to stop me from breaking this curse.

[Stefan punches him in the face and once Klaus/Alaric is on the floor, he kicks him in the stomach. He throws the knife on the floor and leaves.]

Lockwood Mansion

Elijah: Klaus and I faked the sun and moon curse dating back over a thousand years.

Elena: But if there's no curse...

Elijah: There's a curse. Just not that one. The real one's much worse. It's a curse placed on Klaus.

Elena: What are you talking about?

Elijah: Klaus has been trying to break it for the last thousand years. And you are his only hope.

[Elena's phone keeps vibrating in Elijah's pocket.]

Elena: What is this curse?

[The phone is still vibrating.]

Elijah: Your phone will not stop its incessant buzzing. Answer it, please.

[He gives her the phone. She answers. It's Stefan.]

Elena: Stefan...what's wrong? No. No, no, no, no. Okay, I'll be right there.

[She hangs up and looks at Elijah.]

Elena: Klaus went after Jenna. I have to go to her.

Elijah: I'm afraid that wasn't part of today's arrangement.

Elena: She's my family, Elijah. I have to. I'll be back. You have my word.

Elijah: That doesn't mean anything to me until you live up to it.

Elena: Thank you.

[She runs to her car. Elijah looks at her.]

England 1492

[Elijah and Katerina are outside the mansion. She's running and laughing.]

Katherine: You have to chase me!

[He runs after her but stops. She laughs.]

Katherine: You're meant to catch me.

Elijah: But if I catch you, the game will be over.

Katherine: Thank you for entertaining me.

Elijah: You looked lonely inside, so I took pity on you.

[She sits down.]

Katherine: Klaus promised to spend the day with me, but he never returned home from the night.

Elijah: Yes, Klaus does not live by any rules but his own.

Katherine: He is a very charming man. Hard for anyone to resist, I suppose.

Elijah: And yet...

Katherine: I know not why he courts me. He seems to not care about me at all.

Elijah: Many a union has been built on much less.

Katherine: Is it wrong to want more?

[He sits down with her.]

Elijah: Do you have more with Trevor?

Katherine: Trevor believes that he loves me, but true love is not real unless it's returned. Do you agree?

Elijah: I do not believe in love, Katerina.

Katherine: That is too sad for me to accept, my lord. Life is too cruel. If we cease to believe in love, why would we want to live?

[Klaus joins them.]

Klaus: What do I interrupt?

Elijah: He's returned.

[He looks at Klaus' shirt. There's blood on it.]

Elijah: Long night.

Katherine: What has happened?

Klaus: The wrong villager picked a fight at the tavern.

[She leaves with him. Klaus looks at Elijah with a smile. Katerina looks at Elijah too.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Jenna is waiting in the library. Her eyes are teary. Elena walks in.]

Elena: Oh, Jenna, thank God.

Jenna: No.

Elena: I'm so sorry. I never meant for any of this to happen.

Jenna: When I was little, your mom used to tell me bedtime stories. Stories about vampires. I never thought that what she said could be true.

Elena: It is true, Jenna. I should have told you. I thought that if you didn't know, you'd be safe. But then things got so out of control and everything I had done to keep you out of it, it just blew up in my face.

Jenna: Who else knows? Jeremy?

[Elena nods.]

Jenna: John?

Elena: We were just trying to protect you.

Jenna: Protect me?

Elena: I'm so sorry. I will tell you everything.

Jenna: No, Elena...I am the one who's supposed to be protecting you and Jeremy.

Elena: I know, but there's nothing that you could have done. There's so much more to it...

Jenna: No, this is-- this is so...I don't know how...it's...

[She cries.]

Elena: I know, hey.

Jenna: Why didn't you tell me?! I'm scared.

[Elena sits down next to her and embraces her.]

Elena: I know. I know. I know, hey. Hey. I'm sorry. Jenna, I am so, so sorry.

[Stefan is in the corridor, listening to them. He has tears in his eyes.]
[Later, Elena closes a door she just came out of. Stefan is there.]

Stefan: Is she gonna be okay?

Elena: She's in shock. I tried to tell her as much as I could, but I barely scratched the surface.

Stefan: I'm so sorry, Elena. I hate this.

Elena: It's not your fault, Stefan. It's mine. Anyway...I have to go back to Elijah.

Stefan: Wait, what? No, no!

Elena: Stefan, I promised him that I would return. I can't break that promise.

Stefan: Oh.

[He nods.]

Elena: I'll be okay.

[She goes to the front door but Damon and Andie are walking toward her.]

Damon: Where do you think you're going?

Elena: Back to Elijah.

Damon: No.

Elena: Get out of my way, Dam...

[He grabs her arm.]

Damon: If you so much as try and take a step out of this house...

Andie: Damon, easy.

Damon: Stay out of this, Andie.

Stefan: Let her go.

Damon: Are you kidding me? We just got her back.

[Stefan grabs his arm.]

Stefan: You heard me. I said let her go.

Damon: That's twice today you've stood in my way. I wouldn't try a third.

Alaric's Residence

[The music is very loud. Katherine is drinking from the bottle of bourbon and dancing. Suddenly she hears someone at the door. Klaus/Alaric enters. When he looks in the room he sees Katherine is sitting motionless on the couch.]

Klaus/Alaric: You mind turning that down?

[She uses the remote to turn down the music.]

Katherine: Why so grumpy?

Klaus/Alaric: Well, this body has outlived its usefulness.

Katherine: Do you want a drink?

Klaus/Alaric: No, Katerina, I don't want a drink.

Katherine: Come on. It might loosen you up.

[She offers him the bottle. He takes it and throws it against the wall, smashing it. He compels her.]

Klaus/Alaric: What I want is for you to sit down and shut up.

[She sits down on the couch. Maddox arrives.]

Klaus/Alaric: Maddox, what took you so long?

Maddox: You've got a lot of luggage.

[Two men enter with luggage. A woman enters too.]

Klaus/Alaric: Greta. Finally.

Greta: Hello, love. Nice body. You ready to get out of it?

[Two other men arrive with a giant wooden crate. Katherine looks at them.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Elena enters. Elijah's standing inside by the lit fireplace. He seems relieved that Elena kept her promise to return.]

Elijah: Welcome back.

Elena: Tell me. What is Klaus's curse?

[She takes off her jacket.]

Elijah: Please.

[Elijah gestures for Elena to sit. She does. He sits down next to her.]

Elijah: My family was quite close, but Klaus and my father did not get on too well. When we became vampires, we discovered the truth. Klaus was not my father's son. My mother had been unfaithful many years before. This was her darkest secret. Klaus is from a different bloodline. Of course, when my father discovered this, he hunted down and he killed my mother's lover and his entire family. Not realizing, of course, that he was igniting a war between species that rages until this day.

Elena: A war between the species?

Elijah: The vampires...and the werewolves.

Elena: So Klaus' real father was from a werewolf bloodline? What does that make Klaus? A werewolf? Or a vampire?

Elijah: He's both. A hybrid would be deadlier than any werewolf or vampire. Nature would not stand for such an imbalance of power. Therefore the witches, the servants of nature, saw to it that my brother's werewolf side would become dormant.

Elena: That's the curse that Klaus wants to break?

Elijah: He wants to trigger that part of him that's a werewolf. If allowed, Klaus would sire his own bloodline. He'd build his own race. Endangering not just vampires, but everyone.

Elena: But you helped him?

Elijah: I helped him because I loved him. That's changed, now he must die.

Elena: We have the dagger now. We can stop him.

Elijah: When a werewolf is wounded by silver, it heals. An Original can't be killed by anything but white oak ash on a silver dagger. So you see the conundrum. The dagger does not work.

Elena: What, are you saying that Klaus can't be killed?

Elijah: There's one way to kill any supernatural species...at the hands of the servants of nature themselves.

Elena: A witch. If they can channel that much power. But it would kill them.

Elijah: The curse must be broken during the full moon. When Klaus is in transition. That's when he'll be at his most vulnerable. A witch with enough power...can kill Klaus.

Elena: What if I told you that I knew a witch that could channel that much power?

Elijah: Then I would tell you there's one more thing that you should know.

England 1492

[Klaus is standing by a burning fireplace in a room of the mansion. Elijah enters the room.]

Klaus: The full moon is tomorrow, brother. After all these centuries, it is finally time.

Elijah: I have been to see the witches. They believe they may have found a way to spare the doppelgänger.

Klaus: What does it matter if she lives or not? She's a means to an end that is all.

Elijah: What, she should die for your gain?

Klaus: She is human. Her life means nothing.

Elijah: I beg you to consider this.

Klaus: Are you so foolish as to care for her?

Elijah: Of course not.

[Klaus gets close to him.]

Klaus: Love is a vampire's greatest weakness, and we are not weak, Elijah. We do not feel, and we do not care.

Elijah: We did once.

Klaus: Too many lifetimes ago to matter. Tell the witches not to bother. The sacrifice will happen as planned.

Lockwood Mansion

Elena: You found a way to save the life of the doppelgänger?

Elijah: Yes, Elena. I did. But unfortunately, Katerina took matters into her own hands first. I believe you already know how that played out.

Elena: You cared about her, didn't you?

Elijah: It's a common mistake, I'm told. And it's one I won't make again.

[He gives her her jacket and leaves.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon is with Andie in the library. She's putting a glass of bourbon in his hand.]

Andie: You don't have to be so mad at your brother. You know, he's worried about Elena, and...

Damon: Just go, please.

Andie: I know you're worried about her, too.

Damon: Andie. Go.

Andie: Okay.

[She leaves. Stefan enters the room.]

Stefan: Tired of your little play thing already?

Damon: Don't start with me, Stefan. She's just my distraction.

Stefan: She's a person. You're victimizing her.

Damon: You should be thankful she's here. She keeps me from going for what I really want.

Stefan: You're right. Thank you for being in love with my girlfriend.

[Damon puts his glass on the table beside him and gets up.]

Damon: And there it is.

Stefan: There it is. You know, you can be in love with Elena all you want...If it means that you'll protect her. But I have the one thing that you never will.

Damon: Oh, yeah? What's that?

Stefan: Her respect.

[Damon punches Stefan so hard that he flies into a bookshelf and breaks it. He gets up and rushes over to Damon. They grab each other by the shoulders, trying to harm one another. Elena and Elijah enter the room.]

Elena: Stop!

[They break apart. Elijah is looking at them.]

England 1492

[Elijah is sitting in a chair in the mansion. Klaus marches into the room angrily.]

Klaus: What have you done?

Elijah: I don't understand.

Klaus: Katerina has gone. She has fled.

Elijah: No.

Klaus: What did you tell her?

Elijah: I told her nothing.

[Klaus grabs him and pushes him against the wall. His face has changed.]

Klaus: (Shouting.) Do not lie to me!

Elijah: I will find her. You have my word.

Klaus: If you do not, I give you my word you will be dead.

Salvatore Boarding House

[Stefan and Damon have stopped. They're looking at Elena and Elijah.]

Damon: Now you've invited him in?

Elena: Elijah and I have renewed the terms of our deal.

Damon: Really?

Elijah: The two of you will come to no harm at my hands. I only ask for one thing in return.

Damon: What?

Elijah: An apology.

Damon: A what?

[Stefan walks closer to them.]

Stefan: I'm sorry for the part that I played in your death. I was protecting Elena. I will always protect Elena.

Elijah: I understand.

[All eyes look at Damon.]

Elena: The sacrifice is going to happen, Damon. Bonnie will be able to kill Klaus without hurting herself and Elijah knows how to save my life. I told you I'd find another way. And I did.

Damon: Is that true?

Elijah: It is.

[Damon looks at Elena.]

Damon: And you're trusting him?

Elena: I am.

Damon: You can all go to hell.

[He leaves. Stefan looks at Elijah.]

Stefan: He's angry with me right now. But he'll come around.

Elijah: Perhaps.

[Damon enters his bedroom and starts unbuttoning his shirt. Andie walks out of the bathroom, in lingerie.]

Damon: I thought I told you to leave.

Andie: You didn't compel me. I want to be here. Just let me be here.

[He rushes over to Andie and grabs her head.]

Damon: I'm upset. And you know what happens when I'm upset. You have to leave.

Andie: No. You need to know that somebody cares about you. I care about you, Damon.

[He struggles with his emotions, and then suddenly bites her. She screams. He throws her on the floor. She cries, hunched over. He calms down a little and gets closer to her.]

Damon: Hey. Hey. Look at me.

[He compels her.]

Damon: Get out of here, before I kill you. Just go. Go. (Shouting.) Now!

[She takes her clothes, looks at him and leaves.]

Alaric's Residence

[Maddox and Greta are on their knees casting a spell. There are lit candles all around them. Klaus/Alaric is standing next to the box, his head bowed and eyes closed. Katherine is looking at them. They stop and look at Alaric. He opens his eyes and looks at Katherine.]

Maddox & Greta: Phasmatos Tribum, Nas Ex Veras, Uenes Phasmatos Et Sonos. Ex Tutam Exum Lamia Matus.

Alaric: Elena?

[He collapses. Maddox stands up and opens the box. Klaus walks out of it and looks down at Alaric.]

Klaus: Now that's more like it.

[He smiles.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

