


Dead Man on Campus







Information


season
number




5
8






Navigation


previous
next




Death and the Maiden
The Cell





Contents

Doctor Maxfield's Lab

Dr. Maxfield: Preliminary report, subject 62547. 
 Subject has transformed from human to vampire in approximately 14 days.




Dr. Maxfield: Indicators predict a positive response to the first bag of undiluted Augustine blood.




Dr. Maxfield: Physical strength is an unforeseen side-effect. Terminating transfusion.




Dr. Maxfield: Activating emergency procedures.




Caroline And Elena's Dorm Room




Bonnie: Hi, Mom. I know we haven't seen each other, or talked in a while...so I wanted to make you a video update. I finally finished my whirlwind summer tour, got a new 'do and, I'm in college at Whitmore, where Grams taught. And this is my dorm! It's huge, right? It even has a fireplace! I mean, what dorm has a fireplace?




Bonnie: Oh, here they are. Hey, guys! Say hi to my mom! 
 They're planning me a welcome party. Just something, just low-key. I miss you. Please come visit when you get a chance. I'll, um, talk to you soon. Bye! 


Elena (mimicking Bonnie): "By the way, Mom, I'm not a witch anymore, because I died and then came back from the Other Side."

Caroline: "Yeah, I'm this supernatural anchor that connects the two worlds together, so..."

Elena: "Technically, I'm a ghost, that people can still see, and touch, so..."

Bonnie: Okay, so I left out a detail...or two. I'll explain when she visits. How big is this party going to be?

Elena: Well, let's see. Silas and Tessa are gone, and you finally aren't.

Caroline: Which equals a massive cause for celebration!

Elena: Which equals a massive party. Hopefully. I mean, since each of us have only made one friend in college so far.

Caroline: And given that mine went radio silent after he kissed me, and yours was last seen at a tea party for a vampire-hating secret society.

Bonnie: Hmm...Augustine, right? The one who covered up your roommate's death and wants you kicked off from campus.




Bonnie: What? I've kept up! The Other Side is boring. What else am I supposed to do?

Elena: All right. So, Augustine wants us gone. Who cares? It doesn't matter. It's not gonna happen. We're moving on with our lives, together, as functional vampires,—
—a former witch, anchor-thing. I don't know. 
 And we have a party.

Caroline: With Jell-O shots.

Bonnie: 
 Oh, shoot. Um, I have to go register for classes.




Bonnie: What??

Caroline (and Elena): Nothing.




Elena: 
 Have fun registering.




Bonnie: Oh, my God! Oh, my God!






Jeremy (lets off on kissing Bonnie): Wait? Registering for classes?

Bonnie (having trouble choosing her words): I know. I-- She's-- I know I have Elena's blessing. I still don't need to rub it in her face the first day in the triple dorm room.

Jeremy: We could always sneak back to my place.

Bonnie: You mean, Damon's house? 
 While we're at it, why don't we just have sex in his bathtub. Maybe Katherine could watch?

Jeremy (kisses Bonnie): This hair, by the way, kind of hot.




Jeremy: You okay?

Bonnie: Yep. Gotta go to class. See you tonight?

Jeremy: Yep. 





Old woman: I'm ready.






Elena: Okay. I know this is going to sound lame, but--

Damon: Anytime you start with "This is gonna sound lame," guess what? It is!

Elena: This is for Bonnie, and you had a really big part in bringing her back, so, I think you should come. 
 Oh! Wait. Hang on. Wait.

Elena (approaching Aaron): Hey! Aaron, hey!

Aaron: Hi.

Elena: Long time, no see. Hey. 
 You're coming.

Damon (listens in on the conversation through the phone): Who's Aaron?

Aaron (looks down at the flyer): Party in a dorm. No, thanks.

Elena: I know what you're doing. You like to push people away, but the thing is--

Aaron (interrupting Elena): How do you know that about me?

Elena (appears confused): Because you told me at the costume ball 
 when I compelled it out of you. Okay.




Elena: Forget I said that, forget that I know anything. We're starting over. You're coming to my party. There will be free beer, and it will be really good for you.

Aaron: See you then.

Elena: See you tonight!




Damon: Well, that was an embarrassingly close call. Maybe I should be there so you don't spill all of our secrets and make out with a moody mystery guy.

Elena: The only moody mystery guy that I want to make out with is you. Oh, and speaking of which, invite Stefan.

Damon: Speaking of moody, or making out? Either way, he'll never show. His memory is back, and he remembers he hates us.

Elena: Just try, okay? I bought bourbon, so he can just get drunk and hate us from afar.

Damon: Well, I'll be sure to relay the message.

Salvatore Boarding House




Damon (to Stefan): So apparently, we've been invited to a college party. 
 Yeah, that was my first reaction too. Then, Elena promised a bottomless well of top-shelf alcohol.




Damon: Stefan? 
 You...okay?

Stefan: Yeah, I'm fine.

Damon (noting that Stefan has a tight grip on the chair he's sitting in): How about my favorite reading chair?

Stefan (loosening his grip on the chair): Just tell Elena thanks, but I'm not really up for a party tonight. 


Mystic Grill




Katherine: 
 How about now? Matty Blue-Blue. I want another drink.

Matt: No! You're drunk and scaring the customers.

Katherine: You realize that every single time you say no, it just makes you hotter, right?




Katherine (visibly annoyed, but curious): What are you watching, some Czech reality show?

Matt (putting down the device): How'd you know it was Czech?

Katherine: Eye contact. We're getting started.




Matt: You translate, you drink.




Katherine: Okay. What the hell am I looking at here?

Matt: So, over the summer, I went to Prague, met a girl. She followed me back here. Then, her boyfriend put some kind of spirit thing in my head.

Katherine: Oh, dear. This is bad.

Matt: Why?




Katherine: Some guy named Kristof, he, um-- he activated you.

Matt: What do you mean "activated" me?

Katherine: He's a Traveler. Travelers are a faction of witches. They're big on spirit possession. You've got one inside of you. It's kind of like a human parasite that's hitching a ride in your brain.

Matt: So how the hell do I get it out of me?

Katherine: That girl, the one that followed you back from Prague, was she, um, I don't know, feisty, a little accent, ridiculously beautiful?

Matt: 
 Pretty much, yeah. Her name was Nadia.




Matt: What? You know her?

Katherine: You could say that.




Caroline And Elena's Dorm




Elena (speaking to Caroline): I...uh...handed out all of the flyers. Oh, and Damon said he was going to try to bring Stefan.

Caroline: Funny. That sentiment implies that Damon is actually coming.




Elena (looking at the caller ID): Hmm. Maybe a call from a mysteriously hot biology TA will help?




Caroline (to Jesse): Well look who rose from the dead.

Jesse: I need your help.

Caroline: What happened, Jesse?

Jesse: Just come to my room, please.

Caroline: Okay...I'm coming, but what's going on?

Jesse: It's a long story. My roomate's going to be home.




Jesse's Dorm Room




Aaron: Jesse! 
 Jess, you home?




Jesse: I'm sorry, man.




Caroline (looking at Aaron on the floor): Oh, my God!




Caroline (turning back to Jesse): Who the hell turned you into a vampire?




Jesse: It was torture. I was in a cell all day at at night, he would take me out and do experiments on me.

Caroline: What kind of experiments?

Jesse: I don't know. He would starve me and then inject me with some weird blood. What am I supposed to tell my parents? They left me all of these messages. They're wondering where the hell I am.

Caroline: You're going to call them and  tell them that you lost your phone, but you're okay. Where's Wes now?

Jesse: I locked him in his lab after I attacked him. Honestly, the whole escape was kind of a blur. I wasn't exactly in my right mind.

Caroline: Well, you're new and you're hungry.




Elena: Not for long. I brought our stash.




Elena: How are you doing?

Jesse: Our stash? You're a vampire too?

Elena: You say it like it's a bad thing. First rule of being a vampire is realizing how awesome you are.




Elena (glancing over at an unconscious Aaron): How's he doing?

Caroline: He's alright. He's alive.




Caroline: Elena, wait. I was thinking that Jesse could do it. 
 You're a vampire now. You may have hurt him, but you can also heal him with your blood.




Jesse: Holy crap. That is insane.

Caroline (to Elena): You want to teach him about compulsion? 


Mystic Grill




Katherine: Hey stranger! 
 Lookie what I stole.

Stefan: Knock yourself out.




Katherine: Hey! Come on! Please. Just have one drink with me? Please. Stefan, I've had a bad...
...year, really. And it would be nice to have a friendly face.




Stefan: One pity drink.

Katherine: See? The universe at work. I don't know if you know this, but our doppelgänger stars are fated to be together. So, like it or not, you're going to end up with someone who looks like me. Although, the universe seems to have all of its eggs in the Elena basket; but at this point, I don't really blame it. 


Stefan: What is wrong with you?

Katherine: Other than the joint pain, the receding gums, and the fact that I have to pee every five minutes, I'm dandy. But hey! Enough about me. Why are you all by your lonesome?

Stefan: So I could avoid talking to anyone.

Katherine (laughs): Well, if you did want to talk to someone, I'm right here. And, uhh, let's be honest, I'm wasted, so I'm not going to remember.




Stefan: Look, I thought that killing Silas would allow me to move on with my life, but I was wrong.  I spent my summer locked in a safe. One minute, I think I'm fine, and the next, I feel like I'm dying all over again.

Katherine: Oooohh. Classic PTSD. You survived a pretty traumatic event, and now you're back, and you've got nothing but free time to just relive that terrible experience in the safe. Well, allow me to give your life purpose. Help me with one little favor?

Stefan: Should've known this was gonna come around to you needing something from me.

Katherine: I'm just trying to help. What would I know about post-traumatic stress? I only had my newborn ripped from my arms by my judgmental father. Then, I had to run five hundred years after my entire family had been slaughtered by a psychopath, but hey! That didn't have any lingering side-effects.




Stefan: Okay. Okay. All right.  What do you need?




Nadia: I thought you never wanted to see me again? Why did you call me?

Katherine: Stefan, I'd like you to meet Nadia Petrova, my daughter.

Caroline And Elena's Dorm




Jesse: So, your mom's like me too?

Bonnie: Yeah, yeah. Long story. She's, uh, surviving fine. You'll be great.

Jesse: Your eyes keep scanning the room. You afraid I'm going to go vampire postal on the fourth-floor freshmen?

Bonnie: No. I'm sorry. I'm just looking for my-- I'm not sure what he is, actually.

Jesse: Boyfriend? Friend with benefits?

Bonnie: He's my best friend's little brother. He's still in high school and I-- I think I'm madly in love with him!




Elena: You been keeping an eye on Jesse?

Caroline: Yep. I've been teaching him the art of sublimating vampire hunger via grain alcohol.

Elena: And I sent Damon to question Wes.

Caroline: You realize that Damon's going to kill Wes, right?

Elena: He's not going to kill him. He's getting information.

Caroline: You realize you're wrong, right?

Elena: Okay. Look. I know you're not crazy about Damon and I being together--

Caroline: No. No. It's fine.  I'm fine with you two being together, as long as you can acknowledge the kind of person you are with.

Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Dr. Maxfield: What do you want?

Damon: What I want is to be drinking copious quantities of booze and making out with my girlfriend, but unfortunately, I can't do that until I get a bunch of answers out of you. 
 Whoa!

Dr. Maxfield: Careful with those!

Damon: These? 
 These, right here? What? I mean, we're on a college campus, right? Full of students? I mean, I can't imagine an M.D. with a bunch of infectious diseases just lying around.

Dr. Maxfield: M.D. PhD. I'm a researcher.

Damon: That explains it. I know a lot of people like you. Science over medicine, right? Let me guess. You use these 
 on your little vampire lab rats, don'tcha?




Damon: Not in the mood to talk? Fair enough.




Damon: We're going to play a little game, where I inject you with whatever the hell "necrotizing fasciitis" is.

Dr. Maxfield: It's a flesh-eating bacteria.

Damon: Gross. So, I'm going to do that and I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions, and if you answer me correctly, I'm going to give you some of my delicious vampire blood and we'll heal you on up. If you don't answer me correctly, we're just gonna have to see how much flesh these little guys can eat.




Mystic Grill




Stefan: Just out of morbid curiosity, which one of you is younger?

Katherine (and Nadia): I am.

Stefan: Right.




Matt: Okay. So here's the knife the Traveler left behind with me. Now, what are we doing in here?

Katherine: Take a seat, Matt.




Nadia: This is ridiculous.




Nadia: Vyjde. 





Stefan: What the hell was that?

Katherine: She's calling on Matt's passenger.




Gregor: 
 What am I doing here?

Nadia: 
 It's okay, sweetheart.




Stefan: Easy. Easy.

Katherine: Hello, Gregor. I'm Nadia's mother. It's a pleasure to finally meet you.

Gregor: What do you want?

Katherine: Here's the thing. Nadia is my only child. So naturally, I'm suspicious of anyone who wants to date her. Why don't you tell us the real reason why you're in Mystic Falls?

Gregor: To track and kill Silas.

Katherine: Hmmm. So, it has absolutely nothing to do with this?




Gregor: How did you get that?




Stefan: I would much rather be getting drunk right now, so why don't you stop wasting our time, and tell us what you're doing here?




Gregor: Fine. After Silas was dead, I was meant to kill her. 


Katherine: I didn't see that one coming.

Nadia: You were using me to get to her? Why? Why would you kill her?

Gregor: That's what the Travelers want. I don't question my orders.

Katherine: See why I don't want you dating my daughter? Because Travelers are ruthless, manipulative, hypocrites. I know 
, because your grandfather was one.




Stefan: What did you just do?

Katherine: Give it a rest. Matt will be fine. Gregor, on the other hand, not so much. I just expelled his spirit. There's a reason why he wanted this knife so badly. It's the only thing that will truly kill a passenger.




Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Damon: Turning a kid into a vampire so you can experiment on him? Harsh. What is it about this place that turns people into mad scientists?

Dr. Maxfield: Human trials are a vital part of modern medicine.

Damon: Yeah, but don't people usually volunteer or sign waivers? Maybe get some dough for tuition?




Dr. Maxfield: Sometimes you do what's necessary for the greater good.

Damon: I'm not the greatest guy in the world, but sounds like some Mengele-level crap that you're spouting out. So I gotta ask, what is your greater good?




Damon (showing him the vial): Rabies. Sounds fun, doesn't it? And appropriate, given the circumstances.




Caroline And Elena's Dorm




Bonnie: You doing okay?

Old woman: Am I on the famous Other Side?

Bonnie: You are. What, um...what got you here?

Old woman: I died.

Bonnie: 
 No. I mean, what were you?

Old woman: A witch. What are you?

Bonnie: The Anchor to the Other Side. Every supernatural being that dies passes through me.

Old woman: That doesn't seem like it would be a lot of fun for you.

Bonnie: It's better than being dead.  I'm so sorry. That was such a stupid thing to say.




Old woman: It's okay, honey. Dying wasn't fun, but then you felt my pain, so I guess you know that. Sorry! But, you know what? The pain's gone now, and seeing a friendly face over here certainly doesn't hurt.




Jeremy: Sorry. Pretty much had to wrestle Elena to get her to give me these. 
 You okay?

Bonnie: Yeah. I think I am.

Jeremy: Good. I'm gonna need you to come with me.

Bonnie: Where are we going?

Jeremy: To register for classes.




Jesse: That feels amazing.

Caroline: That's one of the other fun side effects. Everything is heightened.

Jesse: So, that feeling never goes away?

Caroline: Nope.

Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Damon: Well, rabies was a bust. 
 I guess I'll find something a little more immediate. 


Dr. Maxfield: I wanted to turn Jesse into a new kind of vampire.

Damon: Well, that's awfully ambitious of you. 


Dr. Maxfield: I am awfully smart.




Damon: Ebola. 
 Why?

Dr. Maxfield: 
 Your kind is dangerous to humans. You're dangerous because we're your food source. I want to change that.

Caroline And Elena's Dorm




Caroline: What?

Jesse: Last time I kissed you, you got all weird, and it was awkward, and--




Doctor Maxfield's Lab

Dr. Maxfield: If vampires don't need to feed on humans, they're no longer a threat.

Damon: I'm not buying the good doctor bit. 


Dr. Maxfield: Human blood will only satiate Jesse temporarily until he gets a taste of what he really craves.

Damon: Well, what exactly does he really crave?

Caroline And Elena's Dorm




Caroline: Ow! You bit me.




Caroline: Hey. You okay?

Jesse: Yeah. I just got to get out of here.

Caroline: Jesse...




Aaron: Okay. So this isn't the lamest party that I've ever been to.

Elena: Aaron, hey. You made it.

Aaron: Barely. I think I fell asleep. I just woke up.

Elena: Weird. Well, this will make it better. 


Aaron: Oh. Now I know why Wes told me to stay away from you. Cheers.




Aaron: Mmm. You're trouble.

Elena: So, hey. How do you know Wes anyway?

Aaron: He's my legal guardian.

Elena: Really?

Aaron: Mm-hmm.

Elena: What about your parents?

Aaron: Uh, dead.

Elena: Mine, too. Birth and adoptive.

Aaron: Whoa. Dark. No offense, but usually, I'm the biggest freak in the room.




Aaron: So how'd it happen?

Elena: Uh, our car went over a bridge. I lived, they didn't.

Aaron: Hmm.

Elena: You?

Aaron: I was six, and we went camping, and I woke up to the sound of my mom screaming. I went to check it out, and I saw blood everywhere. They had bite marks all over their neck.

Elena: Bite marks?

Aaron: Yeah. They said a bear got into the camp. So I shuffled around distant relatives for a while. Eventually, Wes took me in. So Wes is the closest thing to family I have left.

Elena: Wow. I think both need another Jell-o shot. I'll be right back. I'm glad that you came.

Aaron: Yeah. Me, too.




Caroline: Hey. Have you seen Jesse?

Elena: No.




Caroline: Wait. Where are you going?

Elena: To call Damon, to make sure that he doesn't kill Dr. Wes.

Mystic Grill




Katherine: There you are.

Stefan: Get away from me. 


Katherine: Stefan, you're okay. Relax.




Stefan: I can't do that. Do you understand me?

Katherine: You have two options, Stefan. You either deal with this now, or you run, but either way, it's gonna catch up to you. 
 I can't breathe, Stefan.




Katherine: Stefan, tell me the name of the first person that you kill...ahh...killed. Mmm. Name him.

Stefan: Gius...Giuseppe Salvatore.

Katherine: And the next? 
 Focus on the name.

Stefan: Thomas Fell.

Katherine: See? You're in control, on solid ground. You're not drowning. You're not dying. Name them.

Stefan: Honoria Fell, Marianna Lockwood, Christopher Gilbert, 
 Margaret Forbes.

Katherine: See? I told you I knew what I was doing.

Stefan: Thank you.




Nadia: You're right. Gregor is dead. Happy now?

Katherine: You deserve better, Nadia.

Nadia: Rot in hell.




Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Elena: Jesse feeds on...vampires?

Damon: That's what Doogie said, and apparently once he starts, he can't stop.

Elena: Hey. Um, the fact that he told you this means that he's still alive, right?

Damon: As of now.

Elena: Good. Please don't kill him, Damon. 
 Damon, tell me that you won't kill him.

Damon: Okay, okay, okay. I won't kill him. Bye. 
 Problem is I know people like you a lot better than you realize. If I let you live, you're just gonna do it again. You're gonna turn another vampire, you're gonna do another experiment. The only way to really handle you is just to snuff you out. You're lucky I don't feel like burying a body.




Jesse: What the hell did you do to me?

Damon: Easy there, killer.

Jesse: Wasn't bad enough that you locked me up and poked me full of needles? Now I want to feed on the girl I like?

Dr. Maxfield: You feed on monsters, Jesse.




Damon: In case Professor Forbes forgot to tell you in your training, sweetie, I'm a lot older than you, and that means I'm a lot stronger than you.

Dr. Maxfield: Actually that's not one hundred percent accurate.




Damon: What the hell did they do to you?




Jesse: Raaaah!

Damon: Aah!




Elena: Damon! 
 Jesse, Jesse, let go. Jesse!

Damon: 
 He's gonna tear my head off. Elena, please.




Caroline: No! No!




Caroline: No, Jesse! Jesse, come here. Hold on. Hold on. Just stay with me, please. Jesse, just stay with me, please. 
 No. 
 What did you do?

Elena: He was gonna kill Damon--

Caroline: But we promised that we would help him.

Damon: She didn't have a choice, all right? Once he had the taste of vampire blood, there was nothing stopping him. Go ask Dr. Frankenstein. I'll go deal with him. 
 Ugh!




Elena: Caroline, I'm so sorry. I--

Caroline: Yeah. Me, too. Because the Elena that I used to know would have given Jesse a chance.




Mystic Grill




Katherine: 
 Dear Nadia, sorry I had to kill your boyfriend, but it was the motherly thing to do. Suicide, however, not very motherly of me. I ran from my enemies for 500 years, and then one day, I stopped. Now a new enemy wants me dead. Sure I could run from the Travelers, but there's still one enemy that I can never escape—time.




Katherine: 
 So call it pride or vanity, but after the life that I've led, I refuse to drift off into the sunset. Good-bye, Nadia.




Stefan: What are you doing?




Katherine: I told you: You either face your problems, or you run. I chose option three.

Stefan: And what problem has you jumping off of a clock tower?

Katherine: I'm dying, Stefan. I'm dying of old age. I don't know. The cure did something to speed up the entire mortifying process.

Stefan: 
 Hey. You're Katherine Pierce. Suck it up.




Hotel Room




Bonnie: I'll admit it. I miss magic.




Jeremy: Step away from the candles.




Bonnie: Oh, my God. I think Jesse's dead.




Jeremy: What?




Jesse: I'm not ready. I don't want this.




Bonnie: Ahhh! Ohhhh!




Jeremy: Bonnie, what's going on? Bonnie! 
 What was that?

Bonnie: I'm the anchor to the Other Side, Jer. Every supernatural being that dies has to pass through me.

Jeremy: How often does that happen? 
 Why-- why didn't you tell me?

Bonnie: I'm back, here, touching you. We knew there would be consequences. Just kiss me.

Jeremy: What?

Bonnie: Kiss me.




Bonnie: You and me. This, this is worth it. Any consequence is worth this.




Caroline And Elena's Dorm




Caroline: I'm sorry. I didn't mean what I said earlier. It was out of line. It just sucks, you know, cause Jesse was one of the good ones.

Elena: I know, and I wouldn't have killed him if I could have done something. He was dangerous. I need you to believe that. 
 I need you to believe me when I tell you that Caroline.

Caroline: I believe you, okay? I believe you want to celebrate the fact that we can go to school and function like regular freshmen. I get that. I want that, too, but, Elena, when are you gonna figure out that the outside world is not nearly as dangerous as the person you're inviting into your own bedroom?

Elena: 
 Wow! Why don't you tell me how you really feel?

Caroline: The day that I stop telling you is the day that we're no longer best friends, and I hope that day never comes.




Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Dr. Maxfield: If you're gonna do this, I'd much rather prefer a bullet through the brain.

Damon: Actually I'm gonna wait until I can compel all this out of your head.




Damon: What the hell's that? Why does this say 12144?

Dr. Maxfield: What do you care?

Damon: Because I was 21051.

Dr. Maxfield: 21051. Hang on. You were an Augustine vampire?




Damon: Augustine. I haven't heard that name in decades. Vampire lab rats, coded subject names. I thought you guys shut down 60 years ago.

Dr. Maxfield: You thought wrong.




Damon: You know how I said I wasn't gonna kill you? I lied.




Dr. Maxfield: Atomized vervain. When working with vampires, you can never be too careful. I'm sure Augustine will be thrilled to have you back.




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
