


Death and the Maiden







Information


season
number




5
7






Navigation


previous
next




Handle with Care
Dead Man on Campus





Contents

Bus Stop




Silas: Have you ever been in love? Love. Hello, you two.

Woman: Yeah, we are together, in love.

Silas: Aw, that's so adorable. I love love. I do. Yeah. I have a soul mate, too, you know, that love at first sight, want to live forever, love is eternal kind of love? Amara - that's her name. 
 See, the problem is that when I first met Amara, I was with another woman, so I kinda cheated on her. Which, to be honest with you, it really wouldn't have been that big of a deal, except that it turned out that the other woman was a raging lunatic, so when she found out that I cheated on her she freaked out and turned Amara into stone, like, literally. Medusa-style.

Man: Dude, are you like, okay?

Silas: What do you mean? You think I'm crazy? Why do you think I'm crazy? All I've wanted for the last two thousand years was to be reunited with the love of my life. How is that crazy?

Woman: Maybe the turned her to stone part.

Man: Or the two thousand years part.

Silas: No, guys, we were both immortal and now we're not. Hello?




Silas: Look, the point is that I finally got a chance to hold Amara in my arms and what does she do? She jams a chunk of glass into my carotid artery. Look, look.




Man: No, thanks.

Silas: Listen, you two. Here's my advice. Live it up. You know, enjoy this love while it lasts because let me tell you something. Just a couple days ago, I was psychic, I was immortal, I was in love. Now my neck hurts, my soul is crushed, I'm sitting in a bus stop in frigging Delaware.

Woman: You're in Philly.

Silas: I'm in Philly? Ohh! God, it's even worse.




Woman: What's going on, babe? Hey. What's going on? Hey. Talk to me.




Woman: Oh, my God. What's happening? 
 What are you doing to him?

Silas: I think I'm liquefying his internal organs. Did I fail to mention that I'm a witch?

Woman: Please stop!

Silas: No! I'm pissed off at the world, and I'm taking it out on your so-called lover.

Woman: Please!

Silas: And I'm thinking you might be my next victim.

Woman: Oh, my God!




Silas: Look at that. Unbelievable. Love is so damn fickle. Incredible. Here you go, buddy. Come on up. Come on up, come on up, come on up. 
 Up you go. That's good, good. Buses, however...
...tried and true.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: Morning. I made coffee. How did you sleep?

Stefan: Ohh...Not great.

Elena: First night back in your own bed. Not as comfy as Tessa's couch, huh?

Stefan: If we're gonna talk about Tessa, I think I'm gonna need that caffeine. 
 So, uh, what's with the wake up call?

Elena: I miss you. I feel like when you lost your memories, I lost a friend, and I was thinking instead of just describing how much we meant to each other, maybe we could just start fresh. Hi, I'm Elena.

Stefan: I was driving to Portland.

Elena: What?

Stefan: The night I took Silas to the quarry, I said goodbye to Lexi, and then I decided to keep driving west.

Elena: Wait. Hang on. How do you remember that?

Stefan: Because my memories are back.

Elena: Really? Are you serious? How?

Stefan: Tessa came here last night and she undid whatever spell fried my brain and it's all back. I can remember everything.

Elena: 
 Stefan, this is great! 
 This is amazing.




Damon: October 1852.

Stefan: You broke my nose trying to teach me how throw a right hook.

Damon: But not on purpose. 
 Just to be clear. 
 How much did you pay for that hunk of junk motorcycle you ride. 


Stefan: That's a trick question. You bought me that motorcycle, although I'm guessing it was pretty expensive.

Damon: So Tessa just gave you back your memories, no strings attached.

Stefan: Well it wasn't exactly a gift. It was a lot to take in at once, everything from blowing out the candles on my first birthday cake to drowning in a safe. 


Elena: Stefan.




Damon: Whoa! Easy there, buddy.

Elena: Stefan, where did you go?

Stefan: All that and I still can't remember my own strength. 
 What was that noise?

Damon: Uh, well that is...

Elena: We have a situation.

Damon: Of the doppelgänger variety.

Elena: Yeah.

Stefan: Katherine?

Damon: No, nope, not Katherine.




Amara: I don't know! I don't know.

Stefan: 
 What's wrong with her?

Damon: Tessa turned her into a block of rock, left her in a box for two thousand years, probably went a little stir crazy like those deserted island guys who talk to volleyballs.

Amara: I said I don't know!

Stefan: So, you're telling me that this girl is the only thing holding together the other side?

Damon: Yep. She's the anchor.

Amara: Leave me alone.

Damon: As long as she's alive, the other side exists, and we can keep trying to get Bonnie from over there.

Amara: I said I don't know!

Stefan: Well, considering she's immortal, I'd say we have plenty of opportunity.

Damon: You'd think, except last night she stuck a hole in Silas' neck, sucked the cure right out of him, so now she's not only nuts, she's mortal, which means we have to keep her ordinary little human heart beating until we get Bonnie back.

Stefan: How would you plan to do that?

Damon: Silas made a pinky promise that he'd do a spell to bring her back. Unfortunately, he's taking his sweet time coming back to Mystic Falls.

Damon: Ah! Amara, stop.




Amara: Ahhhh! No! No! Let me die. I want to die!

Damon: 
 Let's hope love is blind or at least deaf.




Jeremy: It turns out that it's not gonna be that easy to keep Amara alive.

Bonnie: 
 I wonder what will happen if she dies and the Other Side gets destroyed. Do you think there will be, like, a white light and then nothing? It won't hurt, will it? That would suck if it hurt.

Jeremy: Bon, there's something I want to tell you. Actually, there are three things that I want to tell you.

Bonnie: Don't you dare give me a goodbye speech.

Jeremy: 
 This is not a goodbye. That's the first thing.

Bonnie: Okay.

Jeremy: I know one way or another that you will always be here. The second is thank you for giving your life up for me.

Bonnie: Jer.

Jeremy: And the third is--

Bonnie: Wait. Don't tell me. If you don't tell me, we'll have to wait until another time, which means there will be another time.

Jeremy: I'm not sure it works like that.

Bonnie: Just go with it, okay?




Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Katherine: So, what am I looking at here, hmm, blood clot, tumor, what?

Dr. Maxfield: I did a full workup on your blood, Katherine. It's clean.

Katherine: My hair is going gray and my teeth are falling out. I'm not sure what that suggests, but it's definitely not health.

Dr. Maxfield: 
 Patient is irritable. Not sure if this is a symptom or personality.




Katherine: Personality. Now tell me exactly what the hell is going on with me.

Dr. Maxfield: You're aging.

Katherine: What?

Dr. Maxfield: You said you were turned into a vampire five hundred years ago, give or take, and now that you're human, let's just say time is catching up with you.

Katherine: 
 Okay. Okay. Well, how do we stop it?

Dr. Maxfield: We don't. It's just life running its course quicker than normal.

Katherine: How much quicker?

Dr. Maxfield: If it continues at this rate, you have a few months. I'm sorry.




Bus




Silas: Hello, Damon.

Damon: Well, look who decided to pick up his phone. Is your secretary out sick?

Silas: They prefer administrative assistants now, thank you very much. I learned that on the bus. Very nice people on here, by the way.

Damon: You're taking a bus? Not to sound like a dick, man, but we're in a little bit of a rush over here.

Stefan: Yeah, but you know what's great about the bus? Open road, Damon. There's all this time to think, watch everyday human beings in their normal environment. Did you know that gas is over three dollars a gallon at the moment? It seems to really concern a lot of people.

Damon: This is not a time to have an every-man crisis. We need you back here to resurrect Bonnie before your nutter butter soul mate offs herself and destroys the Other Side.

Stefan: Yeah. I've been thinking about that. Amara needs to die.

Damon: Pardon me?

Silas: My poor Amara, all those years trapped in stone clearly left her unhinged, so look, if she doesn't want to spend another moment on this earth, then I'm more than happy to put her out of her misery and spend the rest of eternity in the afterlife with her, but listen, if you want to go ahead and kill her and save me the trouble, then please, by all means.

Damon: Not till you bring Bonnie back, remember? Promises made, metaphorical hand shook.

Stefan: I've been thinking about that, too, Damon. Remember when I told you that the universe is working to draw our doppelgängers together and you laughed in my face? Well, if you don't bring Bonnie back from the Other Side, then you'll be breaking your promise to Elena, and the idea of jeopardizing your relationship brings me this perverse amount of joy, so I've decided not to help you, Damon, and I will see you soon. I'm looking forward to all this being over. Bye.




Whitmore College




Caroline: Hey, Jesse. You missed our study session again. Where are you? Look. I'm really worried. Just call me. 


Nadia: Well, that was pathetic.




Caroline: Um, I'm sorry?

Nadia: Leaving a message for a boy who-- what's the American phrase-- oh, is just not that into you?

Caroline: And who are you?

Nadia: I'm looking for Katherine Pierce. I heard she was living here, so I checked your room.

Caroline: What? You went into my room?

Nadia: Do you know where she is or not?

Caroline: Great. Even Katherine's friends are bitches.

Nadia: I'm not her friend.




Katherine: Are you kidding me?

Nadia: 
 I need to speak with you.

Caroline: Um, how do you two know each other?

Nadia: Katherine is my--

Katherine: She's my stylist. 
 She cuts my hair.

Caroline: Okay. Whatever.




Katherine: So...What do you want?

Nadia: Sit. You've been avoiding me.

Katherine: Yeah. I've been a busy girl doing busy things.




Nadia: Sit.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: We need to buy some more time, protect Amara. Maybe we should move her somewhere else.

Damon: Silas is a witch. He's a living, breathing, GPS tracking device. He'll track her wherever we take her.

Elena: We can't let him anywhere near her until he brings Bonnie back.

Stefan: Weren't you listening to anything? He's not gonna bring her back.

Elena: So, what, I should just give up? Come on, Stefan. You got your memory back. You know me probably better than anyone else. Do you really think that I'm gonna give up?

Stefan: You know what? You're right. I do know you. You put your hope in all the wrong places and sometimes 
 in the wrong people. 
 Silas needs to die and put us all out of our misery.

Elena: So long as he's alive, I'm holding out hope that he can still help us.

Stefan: Well, as someone who just spent the last 3 months at the bottom of a quarry because of the guy, I wouldn't hold your breath, pun intended. Silas needs to die, and I need to be the one to kill him, end of story.






Jeremy: How's our mental patient doing?

Bonnie: I guess all those years alone sent her over the edge.




Jeremy: Relax. I'm-- I"m just bringing dinner.




Amara: I know you.

Jeremy: I don't think so.




Amara: You're the hunter. 
 I never forget a face, but Silas killed you. You're dead.

Jeremy: I was. I came back.

Amara: How? I said, how? 
 It was you, wasn't it? You're a witch. You brought him back.

Bonnie: You can see me?

Amara: Of course I can see you. I'm not blind. I have eyes. Or are you dead? I get so mixed up. I can't tell the difference between the living or the dead.

Jeremy: Can you see people on the Other Side?

Amara: I am the anchor to the Other Side. I can see everything.




Amara: Don't touch me! Please don't-- don't touch me.

Bonnie: I can touch her.

Jeremy: Okay. That's weird.

Bonnie: Jer, I think I've got an idea.




Jeremy: Amara could see Bonnie, and Bonnie could touch her. They made physical contact. It's like Amara's got a foot on each side or something.

Elena: Amara exists in both places at once, here and the Other Side?

Damon: Then she's not crazy crazy, she's just talking to dead supernatural beings roaming around in our basement.

Bonnie: That's not the point.

Jeremy: The point is if Silas isn't gonna help us, what if Bonnie could be the same thing? What if she existed on both sides at once? What if she became the anchor?

Elena: You're right. Jeremy, you're right. So, all we would need is someone who could do that spell.

Damon: Oh, please don't say who I think you're gonna say.

Elena: Think about it. Silas wants Amara to die, and Amara wants Amara to die, so who, besides us, in the one person with the biggest stake against letting that happen?

Tessa's Cabin




Damon: I was hoping we could talk.

Tessa: And I was hoping you were my Chinese food. Good bye.




Damon: You remember Amara,right, brunette, brown eyes, I'm surprisingly not in love with her?

Tessa: What about her?




Damon: Well, she took the cure, she wants to die, and we have her.

Tessa: But she's alive?

Damon: For now. Silas is literally on his way to kill her. He's completely obsessed with destroying the Other Side so that he and Amara can live happily ever after in the great beyond. Man, you were right about these doppelgängers. They do always end up together. So how does it feel to say, "I told you so"?

Tessa: Like I want to shoot fireballs at Silas and drown him in acid.

Damon: See? That's what I thought. So, how would you feel about us making a deal?

Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: Haven't you heard is bad luck to kill your doppelgänger?

Stefan: Yeah? Well, if I don't kill him, he wins.

Elena: And what if he kills you first? Witches aren't exactly easy to take down. We just got you back, Stefan. Don't do anything crazy. You and I have been down the revenge road, and it's not worth it.

Stefan: You know, there were these moments in that safe, a stillness in time when I was dead right before I was about to come back to life, I would think about things in the past that made me happy, things that gave me hope. All these things kept me sane. They pushed me to hang on when all I wanted to do was give up and turn off my humanity, but eventually, the pain took those moments away from me, too.

Elena: I'm so sorry.

Stefan: Every time I close my eyes, I can see Silas stabbing me, I can feel myself drowning, and I need to make it stop. If I don't kill him, I'm gonna lose my mind, or I'm gonna turn off my humanity...Or both.

Tessa's Cabin

Damon: So, here's my pitch. In order to keep the Other Side in place, you need something to anchor the spell, right, something powerful, like an immortal being powerful. Now, Amara was obviously a great choice until she downed the cure.




Damon: So, would you consider someone who's dead but stuck on the Other Side a viable candidate?

Tessa: An anchor swap?

Damon: Because I've got a volunteer.

Tessa: I'd be making a ghost a human toll booth between our side and the Other Side, giving her the power to interact with our physical world and the supernatural purgatory.

Damon: So what's the problem?

Tessa: I need a massive amount of power to do a transfer spell like that.

Damon: Fine. Name your poison.

Tessa: I need something to draw on. The moon's not full, I don't think there's a worthy comet for another couple billion years.

Damon: Think hard. I have a girlfriend at home who misses her best friend and a wacky stowaway on suicide watch. It's ridiculous.

Tessa: Doppelgängers. They're powerful, mystical, naturally recurring.

Damon: You want doppelgänger blood? I got doppelgängers coming out of my ears. How many do you want?

Whitmore College




Nadia: You hate junk food. You call it toxic poison.

Katherine: Yeah? Well, I've decided to live a little. Now, may I be excused, scary vampire daughter?

Nadia: You've been avoiding me. I don't like it.

Katherine: Clearly.

Nadia: We had a moment, you and I. There was a bond. I felt it, and then, nothing. You abandoned me all over again.

Katherine: Okay. First of all, I never abandoned you. You were snatched out of my arms at birth because my father thought I was a knocked-up, shameful slut, and second of all, it's been five hundred years. Do we really have to do this whole mother-daughter bonding thing? Estrangement is so much easier, don't you think?




Caroline: Sorry to interrupt the world's weirdest lunch, but, you with the doppelgänger blood, duty calls.

Katherine: Wonderful. Now that Katherine's a human and fragile, everyone thinks that they can just boss her around. 
 Hands off, okay? I'm going.

Nadia: We're not done.

Katherine: Oh, yes, we are.




Salvatore Boarding House

Tessa: So, you live in this giant mansion with two doppelgängers that are destined to end up together? I swear there's a sitcom in there somewhere. So, where's the ancient boyfriend-stealing bitch?

Damon: This way.




Tessa: That'll be all. 
 Well, if it isn't the face that launched a thousand doppelgängers. A little birdie told me you aren't enjoying your immortal life. 
 two thousand years, you have nothing to say to me? No apology?




Amara: I'm sorry.

Tessa: What was that?

Amara: I'm sorry.

Tessa: Oh.

Amara: That is what you want to hear, isn't it? How I have suffered, how every moment of my life has been a living hell? It has! 
 My sin was falling in love, and I've learned my lesson. You win. You won. Now, please, kill me. Please. Please kill me!

Tessa: Don't worry. When I make someone else the anchor, I will, and since you're nothing more than a non-supernatural human, you'll pass on while Silas is trapped on the Other Side, and the you and Silas, you're gonna spend eternity apart and that is gonna be kind of fantastic for me. Selfishly speaking.




Katherine: The cute one's here.

Caroline: 
 She's all yours.

Tessa: Let me guess. You must be...Who now?

Katherine: Let's be clear. I don't care about Bonnie Bennett or the Other Side going away or Elena getting her best friend back.

Tessa: You want something. I'm shocked.

Katherine: I had the cure you created running through my veins, and when Silas sucked it out of me, I started aging faster than normal. So basically, I'm dying, and I need you to fix me. 
 You made the cure. Now, make something that stops the aging. Otherwise, no blood for you.

Tessa: Fine. When the ritual's finished and Bonnie is the anchor, we'll find a way to stop you from dying.

Katherine: Thank you.

Tessa: Now, where's Tweedledee and Tweedledum?




Amara: What is that?

Elena: It's Bonnie's grimoire.

Amara: A grim--what?

Katherine: It's a magic spell book. 
 Idiot.

Tessa: It's a talisman. Since Bonnie can't be here, her grimoire will have to do. Hands in, palms up.




Tessa: Sorry, love. Did that hurt?

Amara: I've been through worse.

Katherine: 
 Easy, okay? I'm fragile these days.




Katherine: Showoff.

Tessa: Ina pran khos suptheia jhem ai pada khey rasattan. Ina pran khos suptheia jhem ai pada khey ra sattam, ina pran khos suptheia jhem ai prada khey rassattan!




Tessa: No.

Katherine: Is it done?

Tessa: No, it's not done.




Elena: What is happening?

Tessa: Silas is happening! Show yourself, bastard!




Katherine: I can't see anything. Can you?




Damon: Electricity's out in the whole house. What happened.

Elena: Silas is here.

Damon: Well, Silas owes me a fuse box. Hang on. I only count two doppelgängers. Where's crazy pants?

Elena: And where's the other crazy?






Tessa: That was quite the show, Silas.

Silas: Thank you. You haven't seen the love of my life running around here by any chance, have you?

Tessa: Nope. Maybe you shouldn't have turned the lights off, genius.




Silas: You've had two thousand years to watch us suffer. You've had your fun. Why can't you just let it go?

Tessa: Maybe I'm just not wired that way.




Silas: Honestly, I feel sorry for you. Hateful vengeance is for people without real love.




Silas: You spent two thousand years waiting for me to die just so you could be with me, when all along the universe knew I belonged to somebody else. Doesn't that make your whole existence, like, I don't know, a total waste?

Tessa: I loved you.

Silas: Yeah? Well, get in line.




Silas: Sucky timing, Stefan.

Stefan: 
 I disagree. I have Amara just beyond the property line. You have ten minutes to come find us.

Silas: Well, I'm a little busy right now watching my nemesis bite it. Plus, I have no interest in saving Amara's life.

Stefan: I know that, which is why I'm gonna take her away, and I'm gonna keep her alive by any means possible while everyone else hunts you down like an animal. You now have nine minutes.






Caroline: Katherine? What are you doing?

Katherine: Tessa's stupid non-surgical incision won't stop bleeding.




Caroline: Here. Heal.




Caroline: What's wrong?

Katherine: Nothing. Just another tragic side effect from taking the cure. Apparently the universe just doesn't want me to heal from vampire blood. Stupid universe. Find me that damn witch so she can finish that spell!




Elena: No way.

Tessa: Can't a witch rest in peace?

Elena: It's a flesh wound. Get up. 
 You're not done yet. Come on. 


Woods




Silas: Amara.




Amara: 
 I loved you. I still do. But I can't live any longer. Please understand.




Silas: I understand. I love you.




Amara: Silas, please. I'm ready.




Stefan: Remember me? I remember you. I'm sorry, is it hard to breathe? Is your throat closing? Did the fear of dying start to creep in yet?




Silas: I hear every emotion is heightened for a vampire. All those memories must be eating you alive right now, Stefan. What's it like to die? I've never done it. You must have done it a thousand times over this summer.

Stefan: Stop it!

Silas: Stop it? I've spent two thousand years alone in a tomb. You were locked up for what? Three months? Look at you! You're a mess. The safe was the easy part, wasn't it? Being forgotten about, that's the real torture, isn't it?




Amara: Silas!

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: Stefan and Amara are not inside.

Elena: That's because Stefan took her. You have to go find him before he gets himself killed.

Damon: No. He's luring Silas away so he can finish this. It's typical Stefan. He'll be fine.

Elena: He's hurting. Damon, he's not thinking clearly. Okay, Silas may have been the one that put him in that safe, but we were supposed to get him out of it. Please go find him. We can't lose him again.

Damon: Okay.

Tessa: Ina-pran-khos-suptheia-jhen-ai-pada-khey-rassattan.




Woods




Amara: 
 Our eternity starts now.




Damon: No! Amara. No. Amara, Amara. 
 Drink this. Drink. More.




Damon: No, no, no. Okay. 
 No. Hey. Stay with me. Look at me, look at me. Amara, Amara. Hey! Look at me.




Amara: I've been in hell for two thousand years.

Damon: What's another five minutes, huh? Hey!

Amara: Let me die.

Damon: No! Amara! Come on. Please.

Salvatore Boarding House

Tessa: Ai pada say Ra sattam.




Bonnie: I came to say good-bye.

Jeremy: What are you talking about? Tessa's doing the spell.

Bonnie: Amara's dying, Jer.

Jeremy: No, that's impossible...Damon–

Bonnie: Stop. We don't have much time.




Tessa: Ai pada say rasattam. Ai pada saeyrasattam. Ai pada say-ra-sattam.

Woods




Damon: Amara. Amara! Please. Amara!




Salvatore Boarding House

Bonnie: Tell me the third thing.

Jeremy: Bon...

Bonnie: Tell me. Please.

Jeremy: I love you.

Bonnie: I love you, too.

Jeremy: I'm not ready to let you go.




Jeremy: I can feel you.

Bonnie: I can feel you.




Elena: Bonnie?




Caroline: Please tell me this is real.

Bonnie: You guys can see me?

Jeremy: Bonnie, it worked.

Bonnie: It worked!




Elena: You're here!

Bonnie: Thank you.

Caroline: Oh my god, oh my god! And we can be roommates, 'cause we have that extra bed, and we can clear out half the closet–

Bonnie (and Elena): 
 Caroline!

Caroline: I'm sorry, I just—I can't believe you're really here!

Bonnie: I'm here. I'm back.




Bonnie: I miss this. I miss feeling warm. I never felt warm on the Other Side.

Jeremy: I missed this. Holding your hand.




Jeremy: I am never gonna let you go again.






Katherine: Okay, I'm ready. Let's do this.

Tessa: You. Right. You want me to stop the aging? I'd find a drugstore cream.

Katherine: Hilarious. But see, I'm not getting any younger, so spell away.

Tessa: Altering someone's lifespan is what started this whole mess in the first place. I've learned my lesson. I'm not saving your life.

Katherine: Excuse me?

Tessa: I won. Amara's gone, and Silas is waiting for me on the Other Side.




Katherine: No. NO! 
 Help! Help, somebody help her, she's dying! Don't die, I need you!

Tessa: True love prevails...the universe be damned.

Katherine: NO! No.




Tessa: You're the anchor, now.

Bonnie: Tessa. Where did you just come from?

Tessa: I'm dead. As I pass through you, you'll feel my death. You'll feel every death. Every supernatural being that passes over to the Other Side will pass through you. Sorry. That's gonna hurt like a bitch.




Woods




Elena: So, he's dead. It's over.

Stefan: Yeah, it's over.

Elena: Are you okay?

Stefan: I'm fine.

Elena: Look at me and tell me that killing Silas worked. That you'll be okay now.

Stefan: Why is this so important to you?

Elena: Because I know how much he stole from you.

Stefan: Yeah, and he's dead.

Elena: And because while you were suffering in that safe, grasping onto hope, fighting every second so you wouldn't lose your humanity...I was happy. I got everything that I wanted, Stefan. I got to be in love, I got the summer of my dreams, I got Bonnie back. So I need to know that this worked. I need to know that it's gonna take away all your suffering. I need to know that you're gonna be okay.

Stefan: I wanted it to be you. When that safe finally opened and somebody found me...I wanted it to be you. I wanted it to be both of you.




Caroline And Elena's Dorm Room




Caroline: Hey...Umm, now that Bonnie's back–

Katherine: Your room's full. Got it. I'll just get my stuff.

Caroline: Thank you, for what you did today.

Katherine: Enough. I killed you once, don't forget. We still hate each other, okay?

Caroline: Yes, you did, and yes, we do.




Katherine: Where the hell is my bag?




Nadia: Already packed.

Katherine: You again.

Nadia: I'm leaving, Katherine. I'm heading back to Prague, and I'd really like it if you came with me. We can go to Bulgaria, retrace our lives–

Katherine: I don't know what kind of twisted fantasy you have about us, but that's all it is—a fantasy. I would rather rip my own heart out than do more mother-daughter bonding with you. And I'm human now, so it wouldn't really be that easy. I don't want to know you.

Caroline: Mother-daughter? She's your....Oh. Wow.




Katherine: I'm doing you a favor, Nadia. Okay? I can't be there for you. So take a good look, because you are never gonna see me again.




Woods




Stefan: No. No. It's over. It's supposed to be over.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
