


Disturbing Behavior







Information


season
number




3
4






Navigation


previous
next




The End of The Affair
The Reckoning





Contents

Chicago




Rebekah: There has to be more to this dress.

Klaus: There's not.




Rebekah: So women in the 21st century dress like prostitutes, then. You know, I got dirty looks for wearing trousers.

Klaus: You wore trousers so women today could wear nothing.

Rebekah: And what is this music? It sounds like a cable car accident.

Stefan: It's dance music.

Rebekah: People dance to this?

Stefan: Hmm.

Klaus: Are we done?

Rebekah: And why are you so grumpy?

Klaus: I needed one thing from you for my witch to find out why my hybrids are dying, one thing. Your necklace. And you lost it.

Rebekah: I didn't lose it. It's just been missing for 90 years.




Rebekah: So what do you think?

Stefan: I like it.




Stefan: What? I said I like it.

Rebekah: I can always tell when you're lying, Stefan.




Klaus: Nice one. Good work.

Stefan: You're the one that pulled the dagger out of her.

Rebekah: I heard that.

Stefan: All right. I'm going to get some fresh air.




Gilbert Residence




Damon: I just don't know why you want to bring chili to a potluck. Everybody brings chili.




Damon: Hey, Ric.

Alaric: What's up?

Elena: What time do you want to go to the Lockwood party?

Alaric: Ah. Those founders parties aren't really my thing.

Damon: Show up, there's going to be nine other people that brought chili.

Elena: It's an old family recipe, okay?

Damon: Yeah! I know. I knew your old family. They made sucky chili.




Alaric: Why are you here, exactly?

Damon: She knows.

Elena: He thinks I'm going to break. I'm not going to break. I am just going to keep making chili, pretend like I didn't just spend the entire summer looking for someone who didn't want to be found.

Damon: She's in denial.




Elena: I'm not in denial.

Damon: No?




Damon: You're still wearing this necklace. Isn't this the reminder of your unbreakable bond with Stefan?




Chicago




Stefan: What the hell are you doing here?

Katherine: You two look chummy. Klaus your new bestie?

Stefan: You know, if he finds out you're in Chicago, you're dead.

Katherine: Happy to know that you still care. So tell me if I'm wrong...Rebekah's necklace that Klaus is looking for...That's the necklace that you gave to Elena.

Stefan: Goodbye, Katherine.

Katherine: Hey, hey. Wait. You're up to something, tell me...

Stefan: They don't know where the necklace is. I just have to keep them from figuring it out. I have it all under control.

Katherine: Please, tell me you have a better plan than that.




Katherine: You do. Come on, Stefan. You're not the diabolical type. Whatever you're planning, it's not going to work.

Stefan: Well, if the most diabolical woman I know can't seem to figure it out, then I must be doing something right.

Katherine: Uh-huh. I forgot. You're bad now. Don't get too cocky. Klaus is smarter than you. He's smarter than everyone. And I've heard about that sister. Be careful. She'll ruin you.

Stefan: Happy to know you still care.




Gilbert Residence




Anna: Jeremy.




Jeremy: Anna!

Anna: You heard me?

Jeremy: What are you doing here?

Anna: Wait, like heard me, heard me, or did it sound more like a...

Jeremy: Where have you been?

Anna: I need to know you can hear me.

Jeremy: You drop in, you tell me not to trust Vicki, and then you disappear?

Anna: Jeremy! Tell me you can hear me.

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah, I can hear you, all right? What the hell! What is it?




Anna: I've been trying to get you to hear me for days. Yelling your name and screaming.

Jeremy: You have?

Anna: What changed? I've been trying to get through to you, why now?

Jeremy: I was dreaming about you, I-

Anna: You were dreaming about me?




Jeremy: I can't believe this is actually happening. That you're actually here.

Anna: I'm here.




Caroline: I come bearing gifts!

Elena: Please say that's not chili...




Elena: Bonnie!

Bonnie: I'm back!




Bonnie: I leave town for the summer and everything goes to hell for the both of you.




Jeremy: Bonnie!

Bonnie: Jeremy.




Town Square




Damon: So Mayor Lockwood called your gay ex-husband to torture your vampire daughter?

Sheriff Forbes: Yes. I've been keeping him detained to make sure the vervain's out of his system. So you could, you know...


Damon: Can't we just kill him?

Sheriff Forbes: No, Damon! He's Caroline's father.

Damon: He sounds like a douche-bag to me.

Sheriff Forbes: Yeah, well, just 'cause you and I are on OK terms doesn't mean that I'm suddenly a big advocate for your "lifestyle."

Damon: Is that what you told him when you two got divorced?

City Jail Cellar




Sheriff Forbes: Double check him for vervain before you compel him.




Bill: You brought another vampire into this?

Sheriff Forbes: It's the best thing for all of us, Bill.

Damon: So, Bill, I hear you're into the whole daddy-daughter vampire torture thing.

Bill: I was trying to help her.

Damon: Well, if there's anyone who doesn't need help, it's your annoying control freak of a daughter.




Damon: Yep. He's vervain-free.

Sheriff Forbes: Just erase his memory, Damon.

Damon: So, Bill, I have a question. What makes you think that you can change the basic nature of a vampire?

Bill: The mind's a powerful tool. It can be trained and retrained. You just have to be strong enough.

Damon: Oh, yeah? I completely agree. I actually happen to love mind control, myself.




Damon: You will leave town immediately. All you remember is you came to bring your daughter back-to-school shopping.

Gloria's Bar




Rebekah: You left us.

Stefan: Yeah, sorry. Retail therapy was making my head explode.

Klaus: Tell me about it.




Stefan: What's she doing?

Klaus: She's failing.

Gloria: It's hard to find something when you don't have anything to go on.

Rebekah: So use me. I only wore it for a thousand years.

Gloria: See? Now this one offers a solution.




Gloria: All right, give me your hand, sweetheart.




Stefan: She's, uh, she's looking for the necklace, huh?

Gilbert Residence




Bonnie: The problem with my dad's normal side of the family is normal made for a really boring summer.

Caroline: After the last few days, I would kill for a normal family.




Caroline: Since when did you learn how to cook?

Elena: Damon helped a little.

Bonnie: Damon's helping you cook now?

Elena: Both of you stop judging. He's just trying to be a good...ow!

Caroline: Ahh! Did I splash you?

Elena: No, no, my necklace.




Gloria's Bar




Gloria: I can sense something.




Gilbert Residence

Elena: It burned me.




Caroline: Maybe it's a sign you shouldn't be wearing it.

Bonnie: Caroline...

Caroline: What, I'm just saying. If you're going to be "cooking" without Stefan.

Bonnie: Let me see it.




Gloria's Bar




Gloria: Anta Cotis Syrum, Anta Cotis Syrum...

Gilbert Residence




Gloria's Bar




Gloria: I found it.

Rebekah: So where is it?

Gloria: It doesn't work like that, doll. I get images. There's a girl with her friends...

Rebekah: Yes, a dead girl with dead friends, if I don't get my necklace back.

Gloria: Well, I'll have to dive back in to get the details.

Klaus: So dive.

Gloria: I need more time.




Gloria: And space. You're harshing my ju-ju.

Klaus: We can wait.

Gloria: I'm sure you can. But that's not what I asked.

Stefan: Hey. Hey, you know, why don't we just come back later. I'm hungry anyway. I'll let you pick who we eat.




Lockwood Mansion




Bonnie: I have an identification spell that might be able to tell me what magic affected the necklace.




Bonnie: It's going to take a while, so tell me if anyone's coming, okay?




Caroline: So you're not, like, switching Salvatores, are you?

Elena: What?

Bonnie: Caroline...

Caroline: Stay focused.




Caroline: As your friend who worries for you daily, what is the deal with you and Damon?

Elena: There is no deal. He's been just as focused on finding Stefan as I have.

Caroline: Yeah, but that doesn't make him any less Damon. If my own father, who I love dearly, can't change me. No one's changing Damon. Not even you.

Elena: Look, why are we even talking about this?

Bonnie: Hey guys.




Caroline: What are you doing?

Bonnie: I'm not doing anything. It has its own magic.






Damon: I'm going to let you in on a little secret...Founders parties are just an excuse for the council to gather in back rooms and plot against vampires.

Alaric: Hey, uh, I think you need to take a beat with Elena.

Damon: Excuse me?

Alaric: Whatever it is you two have going on, I think it's a bad idea.

Damon: I don't really think it's your problem, Ric.

Alaric: It is my problem. I'm supposed to look after her, and this is me doing that.

Damon: What do you think I'm doing?

Alaric: What I think is you need to take a beat.




Sheriff Forbes: Damon? Sorry. Uh, the mayor just called for the council meeting.

Chicago Warehouse




Rebekah: My girl's dead. I'm bored.




Klaus: You weren't kidding about being hungry.

Stefan: Yeah. It's been a long day.

Klaus: Try being related to her.




Rebekah: You're being mean. And why are you being mean? You used to love me.

Klaus: It's been ninety years, Rebekah. Give him a minute.

Rebekah: Why are you taking his side?

Klaus: Because, my dear sister, I feel pity for any man who doesn't give you what you want.

Rebekah: Will you stop making me out to be a brat? I am not a brat!

Klaus: A thousand years of life experience says otherwise.

Stefan: Well, you're no picnic, either. I mean, I've only spent one summer with you and I feel like I want to blow my head off.




Rebekah: Fantastic.




Stefan: I need to go.




Rebekah: Where's he going?

Klaus: To write a name on a wall. It's a long story.

Lockwood Mansion




Jeremy: Anna? Look, where are you? We don't have much time.




Anna: We've got all the time in the world.

Jeremy: I'm sorry about before. I just got, um, distracted.

Anna: It's fine. I get it. Why haven't you told her?

Jeremy: Well, she's been gone all summer.

Anna: Yeah, I know that. Now why haven't you told her, really?

Jeremy: I don't know. You know, I don't even understand how any of this is possible.

Anna: Well, it's kind of a push and pull. I'm pushing from the other side trying to contact you, and sometimes, like just now, if you pull...

Jeremy: The other side? Is that...is that what it's called?

Anna: That's what I call it. I'm all by myself here. It's like I'm a part of your world, only no one can see me. I'm just...On the other side.

Jeremy: Wait, well what about Vicki?

Anna: Whenever you say you see her, I feel something. A darkness. And when I try to tell you not to let her in, something crazy happens. Like, she's trying to push me out.

Jeremy: Like the windows breaking.

Anna: Just be careful. Try not to let her in. 'Cause she can't get through if you're not open to it. You don't understand how amazing it is to finally be able to talk to you. I'm all by myself here. I don't have anyone.




Anna: I'm sorry. I know you can't feel anything.

Jeremy: Do it again.




Gloria's Bar




Gloria: There you are.

Stefan: Thought you were resting.

Gloria: Well, now we both have a secret.

Stefan: What did you see?

Gloria: It's what I heard that's interesting. You know, the girls with the necklace, they were talking about you.

Stefan: Yet you didn't tell Klaus. Why?

Gloria: 'Cause I wouldn't help that hybrid half-breed with anything. The necklace is a talisman from the original witch herself. I want it.

Stefan: Well, I'm sorry. I can't help you.

Gloria: Don't be difficult. You know, I'd hate to have to tell Klaus what a liar his sidekick is.




Gloria: Guess I've got to get it out of you the hard way, huh?






Stefan: What is this? Why can't I move?

Gloria: Relax. It's just a little paralysis spell. Nothing major.




Gloria: Just got to get the information out of your pretty little head. You know, witches nowadays, they're into that new age stuff, but...I'm a little more old school voodoo.




Gloria: This will stop that pesky healing.

Stefan: I won't tell you anything.

Gloria: You don't have to.




Gloria: You feel that? That's your essence. Your spirit. It lets me make a connection. Herbs help, too. Diviners, sage, witch hazel.




Gloria: But my personal favorite...




Gloria: Vervain.




Lockwood Mansion




Sheriff Forbes: There have no been no incidence of question since spring. It's been quiet.

Carol: Anyone else have anything to add to the minutes? Damon?

Damon: Ah, no, I think the sheriff covered it, Mayor Lockwood. Looks like we've made it through the worst.

Carol: Well, I have nothing new to add, so thank you all for coming.




Damon: Carol.

Carol: Damon.




Bill: I have a question. Do you three think that everybody on the council is clueless...or just stupid?




Gilbert Residence




Bonnie: Okay, tell me if you see anything in these grimoires that involves precious metals or a symbol that resembles a necklace.

Jeremy: Wait, can't you just ask all the dead witches you were channeling?

Bonnie: I don't have access to them anymore. They cut me off.

Jeremy: Since when?

Bonnie: Since I brought you back to life. I messed with the balance of nature and there were consequences. Hey. I'm sorry. I know I should have told you. I told Elena when it happened. I just didn't want you to feel weird about it, you know?

Jeremy: Hey, no, no, look, you don't have to apologize for anything. Okay? You didn't do anything wrong.

Bonnie: Elena said you've been having kind of a hard time since then.

Jeremy: No, I'm fine. You know, just been, ah, a little out of it lately. So should I concentrate on the older books? Or, uh, I mean, how old is this necklace?

Bonnie: Old.




Anna: Jeremy. The darkness. It's here.




Bonnie: Jeremy!




Bonnie: Are you okay?

Jeremy: What the hell just happened?

Bonnie: I have no idea.

Gloria's Bar




Gloria: I'm impressed. You've got discipline, Stefan. It's not going to do you much good, but...Just let go, honey.




Gloria: There you go, there you go.




Gloria: There's the girl with the necklace. You love her. You'd do anything for her. And you have. A lot of darkness, a lot of guilt. All to keep her away from Klaus. Why would he be interested in one girl?

Stefan: Don't do this. Don't do this.




Gloria: She's the doppelgänger. She's supposed to be dead, and that's why Klaus can't make hybrids, isn't it?




Katherine: This is creepy.




Katherine: Maybe you do need my help, after all.

Lockwood Mansion




Caroline: Did Stefan ever tell you where he got the necklace?

Elena: No. And I never asked. Hopefully Bonnie will be able to figure it out.




Alaric: Please tell me it's time to go.

Elena: Beyond. Where's Damon?

Caroline: Probably off somewhere doing bad things to good people. Consider me the honesty police.




Elena: What is it?

Alaric: What the matter?

Caroline: It's my dad.




Elena: Why would he even show up here?

Caroline: I don't know. But I can't...

Elena: I get it. I'll call you later.




Alaric: Okay, what was that all about?

Elena: Speaking of doing bad things to good people...




Damon: Wait, wait, Houston, we have a problem.

Elena: Where have you been?

Damon: Managing Bill Forbes. Apparently he's impervious to compulsion.

Alaric: How?

Damon: I have no idea. But he threatened to out me. Don't get me started on the irony of that.

Elena: What did you do to him? How do you know the compulsion doesn't work?

Damon: That's not the most important piece of information I mentioned, Elena.

Alaric: What does he want?

Damon: He wants to control the council. Says it's been compromised.

Alaric: It has!

Damon: He wants to put vervain in the town's water supply.

Elena: Maybe it's not a bad idea. I mean, it'll help you keep yourself in control now that Stefan's not here to...

Damon: To what? To keep me in check? Make me behave? I should have killed him this morning.

Elena: He's Caroline's dad, Damon.

Damon: Yeah, and when I kill him, she'll have one more parent than we do.

Alaric: Oh, come on, Damon!

Damon: You're repeatedly killing my buzz today, Ric. Step aside.

Alaric: Yeah, it's not going to happen.

Damon: Your temporary funeral.




Elena: Damon, no! What is wrong with you?!




Gloria's Bar




Katherine: I've been thinking about your diabolical plan.

Stefan: Oh. Do tell.

Katherine: Well, you must know that Klaus is too paranoid to ever fully trust you. But the sister, she loves you like it was yesterday. She's the easier mark. But you can't just pretend to care, because Klaus will know better, so you do the opposite. You bond with him; make her feel left out. That will only make her want you more.

Stefan: Oh! So you mean, I'm, uh, I'm taking a page out of the Katherine Pierce playbook.

Katherine: The only question is why, Stefan? I mean, I get it, you want to keep Klaus away from Mystic Falls, but...What else do you expect to get from it?

Stefan: You know what's funny? You keep talking to me like I actually trust you enough to tell you anything.

Katherine: Oh, come on, Stefan, we're beyond that. I saved you from Hilda the high voodoo priestess.

Stefan: Okay. I knew them, back in the twenties. They were running from someone. Someone who scared them.

Katherine: A Hunter. I heard stories about him centuries ago.

Stefan: Don't you want to know why an Original vampire who can't be killed is afraid of a vampire Hunter?

Katherine: If you're planning on making a move against Klaus...I want in.

Stefan: That's good. It's good to want things, Katherine.

Katherine: Stefan...

Stefan: Katherine. I'm in this alone. If you're looking for a diabolical partner in crime, I suggest you look elsewhere.




Lockwood Mansion




Caroline: How was football practice?

Tyler: What are you doing here?

Caroline: Hiding out from my dad. He's here.

Tyler: Are you okay? Do you want me to kick his ass?

Caroline: Yes. No. I bought him the shirt he's wearing, and it's really expensive.




Caroline: And through everything...He's still my dad. You know?




Caroline: God, you reek!

Tyler: What?

Caroline: It's bad.

Tyler: No, this? This is sexy.

Caroline: No! It's really bad.




Caroline: Oh! Hang on, my phone.

Tyler: Oh, come on!




Caroline: I'm only answering in case it's a friend emergency.

Elena: It's an emergency.






Damon: Whoa, whoa. Is that scotch? I figured you for an abstainer.

Bill: Everything in moderation. Keeps the mind clear from...influence.

Damon: Like vampire compulsion.

Bill: Yeah, I tried to tell you...

Damon: Yeah, yeah, powerful tool. Got it. I'm impressed. Can't say I've ever seen that before.

Bill: Well, it takes a certain human focus. It's a skill that I've been honing for decades. Plus, your technique...Is a little lazy.

Damon: Duly noted. I'm curious. Why not just expose us to the council?

Bill: I know you think I'm the bad guy here, Damon, but I would never expose my own daughter to those morons.

Damon: It's a pretty risky move, taking me on, don't you think?

Bill: I knew what I was risking when I didn't leave town, but I figured...You're not self-destructive enough to kill the sheriff's ex-husband.

Damon: Makes you the third person to underestimate me today.




Damon: Whoo! You know, with all this behavioral modification going on around here, I almost forgot how good blood tastes when it's...Fresh.

Bill: What are you going to do? Kill everybody who discovers your secret?

Damon: No, I'm not going to kill you, Bill. I'm just going to find pleasure in perfect little moments like this.




Caroline: Daddy! Are you okay?

Bill: I'm fine.




Caroline: Here. It'll heal you.

Bill: I said I'm okay.

Caroline: Grow up.




Damon: Let me teach this ass-wheel a life lesson.

Caroline: Just get out of here.

Damon: Or what?




Damon: I'm stronger than you, little girl.




Caroline: Well, I'm angrier!




Damon: Bummer. I love a good girl fight.




Elena: You can't do this anymore, Damon. Not in this town. Not around me.

Damon: Why not? It's nothing I haven't done before. Why is it suddenly so important for everyone to keep me in check?

Elena: Because I don't want you to be what other people think that you are.

Damon: What? A monster? Sorry to disappoint you, Elena, but last time I checked, I was still a vampire!

Elena: I guess I wish that you didn't have to act like one!

Damon: I am not Stefan. How about you stop trying to turn me into him?




Gilbert Residence




Bonnie: Hey, Jeremy. There's ashes everywhere.

Jeremy: I'll go grab the vacuum.

Bonnie: No, I got it.




Anna: Are you okay?




Jeremy: Don't.

Anna: What?

Jeremy: Bonnie's here, okay? You've got to stop.

Anna: I was just trying to warn you. I felt something bad. Dangerous.

Jeremy: You...you just can't pop up every time she and I are together.

Anna: It's a two-way street, Jeremy. I only pop up when you're thinking about me. That's why you haven't told her. Isn't it? You don't want her to know you still care.

Jeremy: I can't do this right now. I can't. This is just too much.

Anna: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.

Jeremy: Good-bye, Anna.

Anna: Don't! Jeremy, please. Don't shut me out.




Bonnie: What's wrong?

Jeremy: You asked me before if something was wrong and I said no.

Bonnie: Yeah.

Jeremy: That was a lie. I was lying to you. When you brought me back to life...




Anna: Say you can hear me, Jeremy. Please!

Jeremy: Something happened...

Anna: I am all alone!

Chicago Warehouse




Rebekah: You're back. Finally. Nik went to check on the witch.




Rebekah: Dreary, isn't it? The family cargo.

Stefan: Hmm. Why don't you undagger them?

Rebekah: Because he would hunt me down and kill me. He's a vindictive little bastard, my brother.

Stefan: But you still care about him. Why?

Rebekah: Well, I hated him for a long time. It was exhausting.




Stefan: You know, when I met you two, you were both on the run.

Rebekah: Also exhausting.

Stefan: Who were you running from?

Rebekah: What do you mean?

Stefan: Last night I saw you, there was a man looking for you. You both seemed afraid. I just...I wouldn't think Klaus would be afraid of anybody.

Rebekah: No one in this world is truly fearless, Stefan. Not even Niklaus.

Stefan: Who was that man?

Rebekah: I can't. Please.




Rebekah: If Nik knew we were talking about this, he would...

Stefan: No, no, no, I'm sorry.




Stefan: Just forget I asked. Okay?

Rebekah: He told me about the girl you loved. The one that died. He also told me that you're only with him because he saved your brother.

Stefan: It's true.

Rebekah: I think he secretly admires that about you. You'd sacrifice anything for family. Don't tell him I told you that.

Stefan: Your secret...is safe with me.




Rebekah: Do you think you'll ever love anyone like you loved that girl?

Stefan: One day, maybe.

Rebekah: I can always tell when you're lying, Stefan.

Stefan: What? I'm not...

Rebekah: Don't bother. Your kiss already gave you away.




Klaus: Gloria's gone. She's cleared out. We need to find a new witch immediately.




Klaus: What's going on?

Rebekah: Something's wrong. He was asking about Michael. He's not with us, Nik. I can sense it.

Stefan: She's wrong. Klaus...




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Wake up!




Damon: It took a bit longer than usual, huh? Might want to get that ring checked. Hope it's not going bad.

Alaric: You killed me.

Damon: You pissed me off.

Alaric: You killed me!

Damon: Ric, no hard feelings, all right? I was on a bit of a tear. Everyone was trying to tell me how to behave.

Alaric: Well, maybe they finally realized you're just a dick.




Town Square




Caroline: I'm not going to say I told you so.

Elena: Thank you.

Caroline: But I did tell you....so.

Elena: Okay, you and Damon were both right. I was trying to change him. But if he wants to be in my life...

Caroline: Wait. I...It's been a long week, so I'm just going to be blunt. It doesn't matter what he does, Damon's gotten under your skin.

Elena: That's not true.

Caroline: God, just admit it, Elena, okay? You are attracted to him! In all of his bad brother glory.

Elena: No.

Caroline: Wait, no, you're not attracted to him, or no, you just won't admit it?

Elena: I can't, Caroline! If I admit it, if I even thought it for just a second...What does that say about me?

Caroline: It says you're human, Elena.




Elena: Do you need me to...

Caroline: No, I got it.




Caroline: Hey.

Bill: Hey. Don't worry, I'm going to go back home before somebody kills me.

Caroline: How's your...

Bill: Oh, healed.




Bill: Thank you. For coming to my rescue.

Caroline: You're welcome.

Bill: Bye, Caroline.

Caroline: Daddy. I'm going to be okay.

Bill: You're a vampire, sweetheart. I don't think you'll ever be okay again.

Lockwood Mansion




Sheriff Forbes: I understand where you're coming from, but...

Alaric: The Gilbert family is a founding family, and they deserve to have a voice on the council. I'm taking care of them, I should be that voice.

Carol: That's not the way it works, Mr. Saltzman.

Alaric: Oh, really? Well, then tell me how it does. The council's job is to protect the people of this town. Now your daughter's a vampire and your son's a werewolf. So who's looking after the actual people? Some of them may be family or friends, but they are still supernatural. They don't follow our rules or our laws, they look after themselves, and that's what we need to do. I'll see you at the next meeting.




Mystic Grill




Katherine: Hey there.

Bonnie: Hey.

Katherine: I just saw Jeremy. He said that you still have my necklace?

Bonnie: Yeah, I haven't figured out what's going on with it yet.

Katherine: I know. But I just...I feel weird without it. The whole Stefan of it all.

Bonnie: Okay.




Bonnie: Did Jeremy also tell you that he's been seeing ghosts of his dead girlfriends all summer?




Katherine: What?

Bonnie: Vicki and Anna. He's been talking to them.

Katherine: You're kidding.

Bonnie: I wish. It's because I brought him back to life. The witches said there would be consequences. Guess they were right.




Bonnie: You know, what am I supposed to...




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: I'll accept written apologies only.




Katherine: Are you two lovebirds fighting already?

Damon: Katherine. Wonderful. What do you want?

Katherine: I'm just a girl looking for a partner in crime. Feel like hitting the road? Getting the hell out of dodge?

Damon: You have impeccable timing. I was told I need to take a beat.

Katherine: Is that a yes? I'll drive.

Damon: Why not? Walls are starting to close in on me around here. Where are we going?

Katherine: Away from here. That's all I'm going to give you for right now. But believe me...it's good.




Truck




Stefan: Just give me a chance to explain myself, okay?

Klaus: No need. I'm not mad, I'm just curious. Rebekah seems to think you're holding onto something. A piece of your old life. The thing is, she's got flawless instincts, borderline supernatural. So I thought I would check it out. See for myself what it is you've been hiding.




Klaus: Welcome back to Mystic Falls, Stefan.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
