HOUSE:
Damon: Wakey wakey. Mr...
Damon: Sikes.. Head of corporate accounts.
Damon: Oops. Sorry about that! Yeah. Can't have you mumbling any of those annoying traveler ditties. It's a sure migraine. So, here's the deal. My brother and my girl have both been kidnapped by travelers and I can't seem to find them anywhere. I mean, like, POOF, gone. Right. So besides a completely clueless hybrid in my basement and a cave full of sleeping travelers, I've got nothing to go on except you. So I'm going to need you to tell me where I can find your leader, Markos.
: What's up, Blondie?
Caroline: Liv and Luke aren't answering any of my....
Caroline: Oh my god! Mr. Sikes?
Damon: You know him?
Caroline: Yeah! He helped me open my first savings account! He gave me a lollipop.
Damon: Well, unfortunately, Mr. Sikes here is occupied by some low-life traveler. I saw him and his buddies chanting in the town's square last week. I also know that Markos and your traveler comrades are planning some big, flashy spell to undo some super-boring, ancient, witch curse. And where that sucks for us; it just happens to undo all witch magic, i.e. kill, me and my sexy blonde frenemy here.
Caroline: If you know where Markos took Stefan and Elena, you need to tell us.
Damon: Yep. Sorry. You're going to have to speak up.
Damon: Hmmm. Nope. Didn't quite catch that either.
: I think he's trying to say something.
Damon: Come on, sweetie pie.
Traveler: It doesn't matter where Markos is. Nothing you do can stop him now.
CAMP:
: Yo-o-u hav-ve enou-gh blo-ood.
Elena: Let me go
Markos: I'll have enough when you can no longer speak.
Stefan: Who's there?
: Shhh. Get out of here. GO!
Elena: Stefan...
Stefan: Elena ..
Damon: Seriously? Collect calls are still a thing?
Stefan: Yeah, well, you know what could have saved you the cost of this phone call? You finding us. How long have we been gone?
Damon: Four days.
Stefan: Four days!? Four days and you couldn't track us down? What did you think? We were having a nice spa getaway?
Damon: Woah! Woah! Woah! I've been searching 24/7, okay? Maybe if you would've been a little more perceptive, you wouldn't have gotten yourselves doppelnapped.
Damon: What the hell was that?
Stefan: Travelers drained us of our blood, so we're having to do a little hunting.
Damon: You have Elena participating in squirrel slaughter?
Stefan: Believe me. She's no happier about it than I am.
Damon: Mhmm. She'll shoot your eye out.
Stefan: Do you want to talk to her, or are you still pretending you don't want to hear her voice?
Damon: Don't psychoanalyze me, Stefan. Where are you? I'll come get you.
Stefan: I have no idea where we are. We're in the middle of nowhere. Listen, we'll make our way back, but Markos drained most of all our blood - and considering the kinds of spells he was able to do with just a little bit of it..
Damon: Yeah. I know.. Find Markos; kill Markos; save Mystic Falls from becoming traveler home. It's going to be a busy day for me, Stefan. Time to strap on the hero hair.
Stefan: I'll get her home safely, all right?
Damon: Get both yourselves home safely, brother. I'd hate to have to kick her ass for losing you.
Enzo: Forgetting someone?
: Bonnie!!
Bonnie: He said you promised to bring him back.
Enzo: Ah. You're paraphrasing. He said, quote; "I will find a way."
Bonnie: Whatever.
Damon: Hello! Still here. And I know what I said.
Enzo: Remind him that he doesn't have a very good track record for keeping promises.
Bonnie: Please stop talking.
Enzo: The the other side is on the brink of collapse. I plan on pestering all of you until I'm safely returned to the land of the living.
Bonnie: You need to fix this before I lose my mind.
Damon: Hey! I'm sorry. I've got two missing doppelgängers; I've got a traveler that wants to rid our town of magic; and I've got the friendly banker, Mr Sikes, in the coat closet. So your escape from the netherworld is going to have to wait till tomorrow.
Bonnie: I think he wants to be penciled in for today.
Damon: Then you bring him back.
Bonnie: What?
Damon: Liv is cooking up a spell to pull you back from the other side before it goes "kaboom." So whatever you're doing, just include Enzo in it.
Damon: You hear me, Enzo? Just hitch a ride with her. Okay. See? There. Delegating. I feel better.
Bonnie: That's not a great idea.
Jeremy: You called?
Damon: You.. I need you and your x-box buddy to run an errand for me. Come on, let's go.
Enzo: Well? What are you waiting for? Ring up your little witchy friend and get her over here.
ROAD:
Elena: God. I feel like an idiot!
Stefan: Ditto.
Elena: Do that thing again; the vamp thing.
Stefan: No. I don't want to do that, come on. You know It's embarrassing,
Elena: Come on! It's the only thing keeping me sane right now.
Stefan: Sure
: It was funnier the first time.
Stefan: Yeah, well.. You were delirious the first time.
Elena: How many, uh, you know.. are we suppose to have before we get our strength back?
Stefan: Uh.. More than we've had, that's for sure. Let me know if you see a damn buffalo.
Elena: This is just depressing
Stefan: Yeah. More depressing than walking for miles and not knowing where the hell you're going?
Elena: No.. probably not more depressing than that.
: Damon is in full-hero mode today.
Elena: I'm sure he was thrilled about that.
Stefan: I don't know.. he had the whole "savior of the universe" voice going on.
Elena: I like that voice. You know, maybe his whole thing is a sign.
Stefan: A sign of what?
Elena: My blood can literally destroy him. If that's not a sign that we're in a toxic relationship...
Stefan: Our blood. Alright? Our blood. Don't hog the blame. Look, we're vampires; we're a toxic species. Whether you want to blame it on magic or biology, it's just who we are. When a human gets ravenously hungry, they eat a double cheeseburger. We kill people. And some of us are more extreme than others, but that's just who we are.
Elena: How come you are so much better at controlling it?
Stefan: Because I'm so much worse when I don't. I'm only going to say this once. You two are miserable without each other. So if you want to be with him, just be with him. Look, when humans want to break free from complication relationships, they go to therapy. Vampires get a pass.  Okay?
Stefan: Come on.
DINER:
Liv: I ordered us waffles. I figured our last meal wouldn't be complete until we poured liquid sugar all over our food.
Luke: Hmm.. my ray of sunshine sister
Liv: The coven's pissed, Luke. You were supposed to hide Stefan and Elena from the travelers and you practically delivered them on a silver platter.
Luke: O-oka-y How was I suppose to know that "Casper the English Ghost" would be a complication?
Liv: That's not the point. We were never suppose to let things get this far. We got sucked into some stupid, "let's be friends," trap.
Luke: These people are nice. Okay, more than I can say for our screwed up family.
: What are you doing?
Liv: It's not me. Like I said, the coven is pissed.
Luke: Fine! I'll listen
Liv: We were suppose to keep the doppelgängers from falling into Markos' hands... We failed. We can't let them succeed in taking away our magic. There's only one move left: We have to kill Stefan and Elena.
Luke: Yeah..
:
FALLS:
Traveler: Morning, Sam.
Sam: Mrs. Douglas; a special delivery.
Husband: The mailman didn't deliver anything?
Traveler: Nope. Just picking up. I'm going to be late for school. I've got a million college essays to review.
Husband: What's going on, Pam? Something is wrong.. you're different lately.
Traveler: I think what's wrong is the fact that it's taken you so long to notice that your wife has been colonized by a total stranger.
Husband: You think I'm joking? I'm serious.
Traveler: So am I. My name's Carl. I'm a traveler living inside your wife's body, while my real body is asleep in a cave under the town.
Husband: What are you talking about?
Traveler: This isn't my first choice, but I needed to borrow something that's... expendable.
Husband: Pam, you need help .
Traveler: This marriage was a disaster anyway. No hard feelings.
ROAD:
Elena: I think I just hallucinated a unicorn.
: Maybe Caroline's nearby?
Elena: Ha. If Caroline was here, we'd have a fully catered buffet on the side of the road... and a rainbow.
Stefan: Two rainbows.
Elena: haha! That's funny. You know, when we were younger, I couldn't decide what was more annoying: The control-freakiness, or her delusional positivity. RIght now, honestly, there isn't a single person I wish was here more.
Stefan: Control-freakiness never really bugged me.
Elena: Yeah, but you didn't have to build a barbie castle with her in second grade.
Stefan: That's true. But I do know this; if Caroline Forbes were here right now, we would both be laughing.
Elena: We are so pathetic. You know what? Let's put on our best Caroline Forbes hat, shall we?
Elena: Alright universe! Enough screwing around! We're ready for the good stuff!  Theme dance, or block party maybe?
Stefan: You've got to be kidding me!
Elena: What?!
Elena: Oh my god! That is so weird!
Elena: See?
: Not what I was expecting...
Stefan: Alright. Let's cut to the chase
Stefan: You're giving us a ride.
Maria: You trying to compel me? Who do you think freed you last night?
Maria: Get in. They're coming for you.
HOUSE:
Damon: Ahh! Great. I'm going to add carrying to the list of things you can't do well, but that's okay. You can repay me with your salary from the grill... if you want to work a couple thousand years.
Matt: Why don't you do us all a favor and start dating Elena again.
Damon: Just put her on the pool table.
Caroline: What the hell is going on? Who are all these people?
Damon: Traveler husks They've passengered themselves into the beautiful citizens of Mystic Falls, like your buddy Mr. Sikes.
Damon: You two make yourselves useful. Patrol the town; call me if you see anything weirder than usual.
Caroline: and what are you planning on doing with all of them?
Damon: Well, Markos put them in a cave. I'm hoping he wants them back.
Caroline: So you think drawing Markos to your house is the best idea?
Damon: It's the only idea!  Unless your body snatched ex-boyfriend in the basement can help us.
Caroline: Julian is not Tyler. Therefore, he has no reason to help us. So until I figure out a way to get Tyler back, he's just extra baggage
Damon: There's no shame in giving up. I mean, aren't we all a little sick of Tyler?
Caroline: You know what? Your whole "too cool to care" thing is really starting to get old. Don't think for one second that I believe your mood has nothing to do with Elena.
Damon: Spare me the unsolicited relationship advice.
Caroline: Fine! Just keep your torture happy hands away from Tyler until I figure something out. I don't abandon the people I care about.
FALLS:
Maria: It was too risky to haul you out of there myself, so I had to circle back.
Stefan: Won't they kill you for helping us out?
Maria: Yes, which is why we need to make sure they don't get to me before I get to my husband. I assume you know where he is?
Elena: Well, seeing as how he's permanently passengered into one of our best friends, yeah. This isn't a three person kind of truck, is it?
Maria: You could always sit in your boyfriend's lap.
Stefan: She's not my girlfriend.
Elena: We're not together
Maria: Oh Noted Sorry, I assumed. I thought the doppelgängers were like, fated soul-mates or something.
Stefan: Something like that...
Elena: So... you want your husband back. I get it, but didn't he run from Markos too? Doesn't that make you guys both dead?
Maria: Markos is focused on breaking the curse, so that the travelers can settle permanently in your home town. I'll have a head start if I can get to Julian before Markos starts the spell.
Stefan: We're not just going to let you take Tyler.
Maria: Tyler is gone. There's only Julian now and he belongs with me. Once the spell starts, Magic will be stripped away layer-by-layer. Tyler's body will turn from hybrid, back to werewolf, then he'll just be dead. And my husband along with him. So leaving him behind is not an option.
CELLAR:
Julian: Quite hoovering. It's weird.
Caroline: You're like.. permanently inhabiting the former love of my life. Let's debate the level of weird.
Julian: If he's former, why do you care?
Caroline: Because he's a person... whose life you stole without asking. He deserves to be fought for.
Julian: Whatever.
Caroline: So. Why can't Markos and the other travelers find some other place to live?
Julian: It's nice here.. Besides, it's not just about breaking the curse that keeps us from being able to settle; it's revenge against all of the things the witches stand for. Every grimoire; every talisman; every vampire, right down to your daylight rings..
Julian: The travelers see it all as a perversion of pure magic. Markos wants to destroy that perversion. He wants to restore the balance.
Caroline: but that's just.. wrong.
Julian: It's not really wrong, when you think about it. If anything, it's kind of right.
Caroline: Well, why does he have to be so violent about it?
Julian: When it comes to getting what he wants, Markos doesn't have much of a sense of humor.
CAVES:
says: "Found: Cave of wannabee witches. For more information, call Damon Salvatore." He rips the note off the wall and crumples it up, throwing it on the ground)
:
HOUSE:
: Nothing.
: Salvatore Boring House.
Markos: I'm calling about my people.
Damon: Hey! You found my note! Now listen, don't be offended, but I can't just give them to anyone. So, what do they look like?
Markos: They're ragged; beaten down by the world, desperate for a home..
Damon: You just described homeless people, aging hipsters, and Matt Donovan.
Markos: One of them is 5'10, wearing a black coat... You're standing next to him.
Damon: I know the concept of a home is new to you, but it is polite to knock.
ROOM:
Caroline: So Julian is trapped inside Tyler forever, or until he dies. So, I was thinking.. what if he does die? You, know, maybe that's how we do it! That's how we get him out!
Bonnie: You want to kill Tyler?
Caroline: He'll go to the other side and then, when Liv does the spell to help you and Enzo, Tyler can come back.
Caroline: And speaking of, shouldn't you be, like, preparing, or talking to Liv? Or doing anything other than packing up our dorm room?
Bonnie: We have to be out of here right after finals, which I might skip, due to the potential extinction of magic in the place where I was spending my summer break.
Caroline: Right, but I think the other side falling apart is slightly more pressing than late housing fees.
Bonnie: There is no spell.. I made it up. The other side is collapsing and everyone in it, including me, is going away for good.
Bonnie: So no. I don't think you should kill Tyler.
HOUSE:
Markos: Nice place.. A little rustic. My tastes are a bit more modern, ironically. Still, good bones and all.
Damon: I think you read the flyer wrong. See, the bodies are the only thing on the bargaining table... And in the attic... and in the garage.
Markos: About that...
Damon: And in the kitchen...
Markos: Please tell me taking hostages isn't your grand plan. It feels a little.. small. ? (I think I'll add a half-bath) ? off the foyer.
Damon: Funny! Here I thought you didn't have a sense of humor!
Markos: Hmm.
Damon: Oh! If you're wondering about the smell, I have your salvation army doused in gasoline and I'm just itching to light a match.
Markos: You're right! None of this would be possible without their willingness to passenger themselves into your citizens and help perform my spell.
Markos: and while I'd like to give them the opportunity to return to their actual bodies...
Markos: It's not essential to my plan.
Markos: Did you really think you found the whole of my people? Travelers are everywhere. They're the faces that surround you every day... the world over.. the ones you don't notice. Because you're too busy making a mess of all you have
Markos: They want those things too. A home; a family; a better life. And they're willing to die for it.
Damon: You want a promised land? I get it. Okay, but look: off the record, I mean, Mystic Falls is kind of a dump... bad schools, terrible traffic.. and forget about ever getting a decent cup of coffee.
Markos: Mystic Falls is just a means to an end: like a small pebble dropped into a very large pond.
Damon: Very poetic! No idea what it means.
Markos: Once we destroy the spirit magic in this town, the witch's curse will finally be broken, but from there, the spell will ripple outward, unraveling spirit magic as it spreads. Only pure magic - our magic - will remain. My people will be free to go wherever they choose. And when witch magic, and everything it ever created, is gone from this Earth, you will be too.
Damon: I think I've heard about enough.
Markos: You underestimate me. I've completely transfused myself to doppelgänger blood. I am channeling all the power of my people. You aren't strong enough to kill me anymore!
Markos: Not that it matters. The spell has already begun.
Maria: Home sweet, home.
Elena: I don't mean to be rude, but would you mind if I drained your carotid a few ounces?
Maria: We're 2 blocks from home. Would you mind holding out, considering I saved your lives?
Maria: A word of advice: keep a low profile. This is exactly where Markos doesn't want you to be. If a traveler spots you, you're going right back to that camp
Stefan: Look out!
Elena: What the hell is she doing?
Maria: Trying to kill you... just a wild guess.
Stefan: Get out of the car!
Stefan: Unlock the doors!!
Maria: I did!
:
: Oh my god!
: I'm sorry. I really am. We need to make the doppelgänger blood useless. One of you needs to die.
Luke: It doesn't matter which one, really.
WHITMORE:
Enzo: When did you plan on telling me? Were you just hoping the darkness would come take me before the awful truth came out?
Enzo: Answer me!
Bonnie: Don't you get it? There is no solution.
Enzo: There's always a solution. Your boyfriend came back from the dead; Markos came back from the dead; you came back from the dead!
Bonnie: The travelers used doppelgänger blood in that spell to bring Markos back, which means, they basically destroyed the magic that holds the other side together. It's unraveling and there's nothing anyone can do to stop it. It's over, Enzo. You're not coming back. Accept it.
Enzo: I will accept it when that darkness comes and yanks me to oblivion. I will accept it when I no longer exist. I spent over 50 years stuck in a cell; poked, prodded, tortured. By all rights, I had no hope of ever getting out, but I clung to it. So, I will accept it when it's done... not a minute prior.
Bonnie: I know you.. you tried to kill my boyfriend in the caves...
Enzo: What's going on?
: A traveler just died.
Maria: Tell my husband I tried.
HOUSE:
Damon: I'd invite you to stay for dinner, but I'm not very familiar with traveler cuisine. Although I'm sure it involves a lot of trail mix and gruel.
Markos: I think I'll knock this wall down. I love an open-floor plan.
Julian: Damon, he doesn't know I'm here. Use the element of surprise. Not sure you're clever enough to pull it off. Just thought I'd put it out there.
Damon: Well, all I can ask is that you leave me with a couple good bottles of wine. You know, I spent half my life shop-lifting stuff. I assume you want to see the wine cellar?
: Ahhh. Here's something you don't see every day.
: I think I won this in a poker game. Or, maybe Stefan brought it back from he war. I don't remember.
Markos: Where is your brother? I was hoping he'd be here. The doppelgängers seem to have slipped away without saying goodbye.
Damon: That's a good question. Why don't we find out?
Damon: After you.
SQUARE:
Luke: Do it, Liv, come on!
Liv: No hard feelings.. just following our coven's orders.
Luke: Liv! Liv! What's happening?!
Liv: I don't know!
Elena: What? Did your magic sputter out?
Liv: Luke, it's started. The spell's started.
Elena: We trusted you!
Liv: It doesn't matter. You're going to be dead any second.
Stefan: Elena!
Elena: Stefan! Our rings aren't working!
Stefan: Let's get inside! Run! Now.
:
GRILL:
Matt: Elena! Hey! What happened?
Elena: Our rings aren't working.
Matt: What?!
Stefan: The whole town's square is filled with travelers. We've gotta get out of here.
Matt: The tunnels! They're in the stockroom. Come on. Let's go.
SQUARE:
TUNNELS:
Matt: Elena!
Matt: What's going on?
Stefan: The spell unravels the witch magic. It's spreading and without the magic, I'm just someone who was shot by his dad.
Matt: Alright. Come on, let's keep running. Maybe we'll stay ahead of it.
Damon: Well, Stefan isn't picking up, so. He might just be out of cell phone minutes.
Markos: What kind of game are you playing?
Damon: It took you long enough!
Julian: My fangs.. What the hell happened to my fangs?
Damon: What?
Damon: Woah.
Damon: We have a problem
Markos: And what were you saying about this being your home?
Markos: Like I said; this spell will continue to unravel spirit magic as it spreads, which means you're not long for his world.
Markos: The sun's about to set. Feel free to buy yourself a little time to say your goodbyes. You and this traitor of yours can try to outrun the spell.. for a little while, anyway.
:
Damon: Little Gilbert. I have never been so happy to see you.
Jeremy: Get in.
ROOM:
Caroline: What are we even suppose to take? Photos, clothes, hair products? No that any of that matters when we're all dead.
Caroline: Why are you just sitting there?
Bonnie: I'm thinking
Caroline: Well, think while you pack. Death is literally on its way. You said a vampire appeared to you, who died on old Miller road, which means the spell is moving past Mystic Falls. So, whatever will fit. The rest, we'll never see again.
Caroline: Hello! Bonnie! Which part of "we're about to die" isn't registering?
Bonnie: I think I know how to get us all back from the other side. I need to find Enzo.
ELSEWHERE:
Matt: There are all of the blood-bags I can get my hands on.
Elena: Thanks. Between the four of us, that'll last a day.
Stefan: That's a tomorrow problem. Right now, we've just got to outrun the spell, regroup in about a thousand miles and figure out a game-plan)
Elena: Are you okay?
Damon: What was that for?
Elena: I had a really crappy day and I needed it. I thought I was never going to see you again and I couldn't think of a worse way to die
Damon: Well I guess today is your lucky day.
Stefan: Jeremy, head back with Matt. We need eyes and ears in Mystic Falls. You guys take Jeremy's car. I'm going to wait here for Caroline and Bonnie.
Damon: I'll call you in a few hours, Jer.
Jeremy: Be careful
ACCIDENT:
Enzo: Surreal, isn't it?
Maria: Who are you?
Enzo: Dead... just like you, but I've got a proposition to get both of us out of this place.
Maria: What are you talking about?
Enzo: Markos managed to Houdini him way back to the land of the living with some crazy ass spell. Any chance you know it?
Maria: I know the spell, but I don't know two dozen travelers willing to overwhelm the anchor.
Enzo: See, I think you underestimate how resourceful we are. Leave the details to us. What do you say? Interested?
Maria: What the hell is happening?!
Enzo: Grab my hand
Maria: Help me!
ROOMS:
Bonnie: What's wrong?
Enzo: We hit a little snag.
ELSEWHERE:
Caroline: Where's Bonnie? She was right behind me!
Stefan: I'm going to find out what's taking so long.
Julian: I'm looking for Maria. I heard she brought you back to Mystic Falls.
Stefan: Uh, yeah, she did.
Julian: Did she tell you where she was headed? Cause she can't stay there. The town's completely overrun.
Julian: What's the problem? Did she tell you where she was headed, or not?
Stefan: Listen, uh, you're not going to see Maria again.
Julian: What are you talking about?
Stefan: She's dead.. I'm sorry.
Julian: Don't touch me.
Caroline: It wasn't Stefan's fault.
Julian: She saved your punk ass.
Stefan: I wasn't the one that killed her. The witches did.
Julian: Well, someone's going to pay for it.
Stefan: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Whoa. I'm in no mood to fight tonight, all right?
Julian: Look at me.. my wife's dead. I'm in somebody else's body. I've got nowhere to go because my own people are trying to kill me!
Stefan: Listen, we're going to find a way to stop this spell and even if Mystic Falls is gone, we're going to find a way to save ourselves, all right?
Julian: There! Dead doppelgänger. Stopped the spell.
: Oh my god! Oh my god.
Caroline: No! No! No!
DORMS:
: What the hell happened? Marie was the only one who was willing to help us who knew the spell.
Enzo: The great beyond happened. And it's going to keep happening, so we need to find a way out of here and fast.
Bonnie: Stefan....
Enzo: What?
Stefan: Bonnie...
Bonnie: This can't be happening.
Stefan: Please tell me that you've figured out a way to bring us all back.
Bonnie: I lost it.. I'm sorry.
LOT:
: Help me Please! Oh my god! Oh my god! Somebody help! Somebody help!
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.