



The Dinner Party







Information


season
number




2
15






Navigation


previous
next




Crying Wolf
The House Guest





Contents

Gilbert Lake House




Gilbert Residence 1864

Johnathan: (voiceover) With the dying embers of the fire at Fell's Church, the scourge of the vampires had passed. And though war raged all around us, our town was safe from the demons of the night...Or so we thought.




Gilbert Lake House




Gilbert Residence 1864

Johnathan: (voiceover) For the monsters we drove to their fiery deaths had begat new monsters.




Honoria: Did you hear that?




Thomas: Stay here.

Honoria: No, Thomas.

Thomas: It's all right, dear, the vampires are all dead.

Johnathan: Yes, Honoria...they burned in the church. We're safe now.




Honoria: Please, Johnathan. I'm worried.

Johnathan: Very well. I shall go too.




Johnathan: I can prove there are no vampires.




Johnathan: See?




Johnathan: Thomas? Thomas?!




Honoria: Thomas!

Johnathan: No, stay inside! Get back in the house!




Johnathan: (voiceover) I knew I was about to die. You can not run from a vampire. I saw the vampire who killed me. I recognized him. It was Stefan Salvatore.




Gilbert Lake House






Stefan: What's going on?

Damon: Well, I showered. I shaved. Had breakfast. Very relaxed.

Stefan: That makes one of us.

Damon: I did hear one piece of good news though. Tyler Lockwood ran away from home last night.

Stefan: How do you know?

Damon: Well, I heard it from Sheriff Forbes, who heard it from a very distraught Carol Lockwood, thus, ending our werewolf chapter, bringing us to...

Stefan: ...killing Elijah.

Damon: Exactly.

Stefan: Well, it's not going to be easy. He's crafty.

Damon: Well, I've got a crafty little dagger.

Stefan: He's an Original. We don't know what all that encompasses.

Damon: Oh, trust me, Stefan. I'm gonna dot all my t's. I don't want any surprises.

Stefan: Wow, Damon, tell me you're actually gonna be careful for once?

Damon: Yes, Stefan, I've become you. How tragic for both of us. Got to run. I've a murder to plan. Busy day.




Old Fell Property




Jenna: The old Fell property actually starts just beyond that fence.

Elijah: Ah, the Fells. One of the Founding Families.

Jenna: Why do you say it like that?

Elijah: My research showed me that this area was actually settled almost two full centuries earlier. It was a migration of townsfolk from the northeast, um, it was Salem, to be precise.

Jenna: Massachusetts? As in the witch trials?

Elijah: Which means the ever-lauded founding families...didn't actually found anything.

Jenna: Well, I bet it was the men who made a big deal about being founders back in 1860. Men are very territorial.

Elijah: Yes, they are.




Jenna: Elijah, this is my friend, Alaric Saltzman.

Alaric: Yeah, I got your message about walking Elijah here through the old property lines. I thought I would tag along. You know being a history buff and all. Where to next?

Elijah: I'm pretty curious about the freed slave property owners. Some say, you know, the descendents of the slaves are the true keepers of American history.

Jenna: Well, I only brought the surveys. I got that list in the car. Just give me a sec.




Elijah: Alaric Saltzman. So you're one of those people on Elena's list of loved ones to protect.

Alaric: So is Jenna.

Elijah: You don't have to be jealous. I don't really pursue younger women. It's a joke, Ric, lighten up.




Alaric: Right.

Mystic Grill




Jeremy: Hey, whatcha doin'?

Bonnie: Thinking about last night.

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah. Me too.

Bonnie: It was a tough spell. I could feel it draining me. I need practice.

Jeremy: Yeah, well, uh, maybe, I don't know...Maybe you should come over tonight. We can practice. Get stronger.

Bonnie: Yeah, sure. Thanks.




Jeremy: Ah, incoming.




Luka: You want to tell me what the hell happened yesterday?

Bonnie: Sorry?

Luka: Don't play dumb. You both were here and...

Jeremy: And?

Luka: And that's all I remember. One minute I'm playing pool and the next I'm waking up in a bathroom stall.

Bonnie: Sorry, Luka, but everything seemed normal yesterday. I mean, I brought you a coffee and we played pool.

Luka: See, I think you're lying.




Jeremy: And I think you need to back off.




Gilbert Lake House




Elena: Are you still mad?

Stefan: Yeah, I'm still mad.

Elena: We have a difference of opinion, Stefan. We're not always gonna agree on everything.

Stefan: Elena, you've agreed to sacrifice yourself to Klaus. To say that we have a difference of opinion is the understatement of the century.

Elena: You would know.




Stefan: What does Johnathan Gilbert have to say?

Elena: A lot. It's insane the things he wrote in his journal.?




Elena: That he kept from the founding families. Stuff that nobody knows. Stuff that...you never told me.




Stefan: We were, uh...We were angry at the founding families for what they did to Katherine. We wanted revenge. I didn't know about Johnathan Gilbert's ring yet. I didn't know that he would (He sits down)...that he would survive.

Elena: He describes you as a monster.

Stefan: That's what I was. I want you to know the truth...But I want you to hear it from me. In the weeks after I became a vampire, I relished in it. I took it to the darkest place I could.

Salvatore Boarding House 1864




Stefan: Who wants to die next?




Woman: Me, I'm next.

Other woman: Me, you promised me.




Stefan: What about you? You know if you don't pick up the tempo, you're going to lose your head. Snap. Snap.




Damon: Company, brother?




Stefan: I brought enough to share.




Damon: Are you mad bringing them here when the entire town is hunting us?




Stefan: Damon, if you're worried about the Founding Families, please don't be. They're all dead or about to be.




Damon: Leave this place. Never think of it again.




Damon: Same for you. Leave this place. Never think of it again.

Stefan: Damon, don't be like this. I'm just having some fun.

Damon: Staying alive is more fun, Stefan. We have to be more careful than this. More clever. Like Katherine was.

Stefan: Look where that got her.

Damon: I'm done here. With you. I'm leaving town.




Stefan: You hate me. I know. I know. An eternity of misery and on and on. I know, but you don't have to leave town. Damon, I'll do better. I promise.

Damon: No, you will get us killed. I'd rather leave you to do that to yourself.




Gilbert Lake House

Stefan: I wasn't myself then. I was full of guilt. What I did to my father, to my brother. I had to turn it off. It was the only way I could survive.

Elena: It sounds like you were Damon.

Stefan: I was worse.

Mystic Grill




Damon: Other than your lecture on the history of Mystic Falls, did you get anything out of Elijah?

Alaric: No, it was boring. Of course, Jenna thinks he's charming.

Damon: You sounded jealous. Sound a bit jealous?

Andie: Kinda do.

Alaric: Maybe we shouldn't talk about this here.




Damon: Andie, she's been compelled not to divulge my secrets. Haven't you?

Andie: Uh-huh.




Andie: Mmm. My lips are sealed.




Alaric: This is too weird.

Damon: I just need the right opportunity.




Damon: Ah, there's Jenna with her new boyfriend. Hi.




Jenna: Hey, guys.

Damon: So I hear you two had quite a meeting of historical minds today.

Jenna: Yeah, I guess you could say that.

Alaric: Well, as much as I'd like to continue this, I've got papers to grade.




Andie: No, you know what? We should continue this. Let's have a dinner party.

Damon: Ooh, my girl. Full of good ideas. I'll be happy to host. Say tonight. Maybe?

Andie: It's good for me. Jenna?

Alaric: I don't know if tonight works...

Jenna: Yeah, I'm free.

Elijah: It'd be a pleasure.

Damon: Great.

Fell's Church Tomb




Damon: Great. Drink up. Good girl.




Damon: I've come bearing gifts. I didn't have time to properly shop, but I did get a couple of things. Hmm?




Damon: Wow, that blood did the trick. You're almost pretty again.

Katherine: What is it you want, Damon?

Damon: Guess who's back in town? Your old friend, John Gilbert.

Katherine: Really. Why?

Damon: Says he loves his daughter, wants to protect her from Elijah and big, bad Klaus.

Katherine: Touching.




Damon: Yeah, right. He told me this old wives tale about how to kill an Original.

Katherine: And you want to know if it's true. If it was, I wouldn't tell you.




Damon: Now, why not? I mean, you want Elijah and Klaus dead as much as I do.

Katherine: Klaus, yes. Elijah, no. He's compelled me to stay in here. If he dies, I'm stuck forever.

Damon: Sucks for you.

Katherine: Forget it, Damon. Killing Elijah would be a suicide mission. You can't do it.

Damon: Can so.

Katherine: Can't.

Damon: Even with a dagger and a little white oak ash?




Katherine: No. Damon, if you kill Elijah, then I'm stuck in here forever.

Damon: You're really scared.

Katherine: Just get me out of here first and then I'll help you. I'll...I'll help you kill Elijah or...or protect Elena. Whatever you want.

Damon: I get you out of here and your ass is sipping Klaus-free margaritas on some unknown island somewhere. No way.

Katherine: That's not true. I'll stay. Damon, please just don't do it.

Damon: Well, thank you, you've told me everything I need to know.

Katherine: I've told you nothing.

Damon: You have. You have indeed confirmed that it is possible to kill an Original, which I will do tonight. Guess who's coming to dinner?

Gilbert Lake House




Stefan: For weeks I kept spiraling. I was completely driven by the desire for blood. Hunt, prey, kill. That was all I knew.

Elena: How come no one caught on to what you were doing?

Stefan: Mmm. There was a war going on. The thing about wartime. Endless, anonymous blood supply.

Woods 1864




Lexi: What kind of an idiot are you?

Gilbert Lake House

Stefan: Alexia Branson, as she was known back then.

Elena: Lexi? Your best friend Lexi? That's how you met her? What was she even doing in Mystic Falls?

Stefan: She had heard it was a good place for vampires. You know, had no idea that they'd all been massacred. Needed a place to crash, so I brought her home with me.

Salvatore Boarding House 1864




Lexi: I'd say it isn't necessary to take me in, but you did try to eat me and well, with dawn coming, beggars can't be choosers.?




Lexi: Or should they be?

Stefan: I, um...I meant to dispose of those.

Lexi: My God, you're a ripper.

Stefan: A what?

Lexi: There are good parts of being a vampire and there are bad parts. You're the bad parts. Well...we're going to have to change that.

Gilbert Lake House

Elena: Are you okay?

Stefan: Talking about her brings up things that I'd rather forget.

Elena: Like Damon killing her?

Salvatore Boarding House




Andie: So what's going on with you and Alaric? I feel like there's some tension.

Jenna: I don't know. I really like him. It's more than like and I want it to work, but I can't help but feel that he's hiding something from me. And then I've got John whispering things in my ear about him.

Andie: Like what?

Jenna: Things I don't want to believe. Things I don't believe, not if they're coming from John's mouth.

Andie: Oh. Well, there you go, then. Trust is the key to any relationship. I mean, I am so grateful that Damon tells me everything.




Alaric: This is a bad idea.

Damon: There's no such thing as a bad idea. Just poorly executed awesome ones. Here.




Alaric: No. I don't like the idea of Elijah being in the same house with Jenna.

Damon: Jenna's perfectly safe. Besides, it's just a fact-finding mission. It's totally harmless.

Alaric: Just a fact-finding mission?

Damon: Yeah.

Alaric: Listen, no sneak attacks. No surprise plans. Nothing that's gonna put Jenna in harm's way. Okay?

Damon: Scout's honor.




Andie: Hey, Jenna needs help with the wine.




Andie: Thanks.

Alaric: Yeah.




Andie: What's that?

Damon: Dessert.




Damon: Elijah's stronger than me. Faster than me. It's all about the element of surprise.

Andie: Ah, it's too bad. I like him. He's very old-school. Classy.

Damon: Which is why you should encourage the gentlemen to take their after dinner drinks in here while you do coffee in the kitchen with the girls.




Andie: Hmm. That is a little too sexist for me.




Damon: Stop talking.






Jenna: Who invited him?

Damon: John. Surprise. Leave.

John: When Jenna told me she was coming to a dinner party for Elijah, I decided I couldn't miss out on all the fun and games.




Alaric: There are not going to be any games tonight, John. It's just a friendly dinner party.




Damon: What he said.

Gilbert Residence




Jeremy: Hey.

Bonnie: Hey.




Bonnie: Thanks. That thing weighs a ton. I'm starving. You guys have any...food?




Bonnie: Oh, God. Heh! This is a date.




Jeremy: No, no it's not like a "date" date. It's more of a hey, I kissed you, and I thought you liked it, um...hang thing.

Bonnie: Jeremy, I need to make sure Elena is cool with us before anything else happens.




Jeremy: I didn't realize my sister had approval over who I'm with.

Bonnie: She's my best friend. I tell her everything and this whole hang thing might freak her out.

Jeremy: All right, all right, so we'll, um...We'll hang out, eat some food, work on some spells. It's not a big deal. But you did...You did like it, right?




Bonnie: Yeah. I liked it.

Salvatore Boarding House




Elijah: Good evening.

Damon: Thank you for coming. Please, come in.

Elijah: Just one moment. Can I just say that if you have less than honorable intentions about how this evening is going to proceed, I suggest you reconsider.

Damon: No, nothing, nothing dishonorable. Just getting to know you.

Elijah: Hmm. Well, that's good.




Elijah: Because, you know, although Elena and I have this deal, if you so much as make a move to cross me, I'll kill you and I'll kill everyone in this house. Are we clear?

Damon: Crystal.




Elijah: Jenna. Wonderful to see you again. How are you??

Jenna: Nice to see you.

Elijah: You look incredible.

Jenna: Thank you.






Jenna: I hate to break it to you, Damon, but according to Elijah, your family is so not a founder of this town.

Damon: Hmm, do tell.

Elijah: Well, as I mentioned to Jenna earlier, a faction of settlers migrated from Salem after the witch trials in the 1690s. Over the next hundred years they developed this community where they could feel safe from persecution.

Jenna: Hmm. Because they were witches.

Andie: Yeah, but there's no tangible proof there were witches in Salem.

Damon: Andie's a journalist. Big on facts.

Elijah: Well, the lore says that there was this wave of anti-witch hysteria. It broke out in the neighboring settlement, so these witches were rounded up. They were tied to stakes in a field together and, uh, burned. Some say you could hear the screams from miles around us. They were consumed by the fire. Could you pass the...

Jenna: I wouldn't repeat this to the Historical Society.

John: It's starting to sound a little like a ghost story to me.

Damon: So, why do you want to know the location of these alleged massacres?

Elijah: You know...a healthy historian's curiosity, of course.

Damon: Of course.




Gilbert Lake House




Elena: Johnathan Gilbert got crazier and crazier. I guess that's what happens when you spend your life obsessed with vampires.




Elena: He researched the Originals.

Stefan: You're kidding.




Elena: Later in life, look.




Elena: Pages and pages of questions and scribbles.




Elena: What's that?




Elena: "The wood from one tree and one tree alone, an ancient white oak would bring death to an Original vampire. When the tree burned, all hope was thought lost." He was trying to figure out how to kill an Original.




Elena: "But the ash from the tree was saved and witches forged a dagger to which the ash could be bonded. This alchemic bond provides the necessary poison"




Stefan: Elena...

Elena: I wonder if this is true. I mean, do you think this dagger actually exists?

Stefan: I know it does...




Stefan: Because John gave it to Damon.

Elena: John gave Damon the weapon that's supposed to kill Elijah? This one?




Elena: "It must be brandished by humans alone, for it will bring death to all demons who wield it."




Stefan: John's trying to get Damon killed.

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: Would anyone care for some cognac? I have a bottle that I've been saving for ages.




Alaric: None for me thanks. Nine bottles of wine is my limit.

Gilbert Lake House




Stefan: Why is your phone off? Call me.




Elena: What's going on, Stefan?

Stefan: Damon is planning on killing Elijah. Tonight.

Salvatore Boarding House




Andie: The gentlemen should take their drinks in the study.

Elijah: I have to say the food was almost as wonderful as the company.

Andie: I like you.




Jenna: Here you are, gentleman, make yourself useful. Hmm?




Alaric: Here, here. Put me to work.

Jenna: Um, I got it.




Alaric: Hey, Jenna, are you...are you okay?

Jenna: Yeah, fine, Ric.




John: I suspect this is my fault.

Alaric: What did you do now?

John: I merely mentioned that you haven't been completely honest with her about your dead wife.

Alaric: You son of a bitch!




John: I think I've been very clear with you, Ric. I want my ring back.




Alaric: Hello. Slow down. Slow down. Stefan?




Damon: So, let me guess. In addition to the moonstone, the doppelgänger, the lion, the witch and the wardrobe, you need to find this witch burial ground.

Elijah: Because I feel as though we've grown so close, Damon, I'll tell you yes. Do you know where it is?

Damon: Maybe. Tell me why it's so important.




Elijah: We're not that close.




Elijah: It's quite a collection you have here.

Damon: Hmm.




Elijah: It's a funny thing about books. Before they existed, people actually had memories.




Alaric: Gentlemen, we forgot about dessert.

Andie: Elijah.




Elijah: Miss Star...






Jenna: Sorry, guys, dessert is taking longer than I thought. I usually just unwrap food.

Andie: So...I know this is a social thing, but I...I would really love to ask you some more questions about the work that you're doing here.

Elijah: I'd love to answer.

Andie: Great, that's so great.




Andie: Ric, would you do me a favor and grab the notebook out of my bag?




Damon: Elijah, did John tell you he's Elena's uncle-slash-father?

Elijah: Yes, I'm well aware of that.

Damon: Of course, she hates him, so there's absolutely no need to keep him on the endangered species list.




Andie: No Ric, it's in the front pocket. On the...you know what? Excuse me, guys. Sorry.




John: What I'd like to know, Elijah, is how do you intend on killing Klaus?

Elijah: Gentlemen, there's a few things we should probably get clear right now. I allow you to live solely to keep an eye on Elena. I allow Elena to remain in her house living her life with her friends as she does as a courtesy. If you become a liability, I'll take her away from you and you'll never see her again.




Andie: Okay. My first question is when you got here to Mystic...




Alaric: Now, get rid of him before Jenna comes back with dessert.

Damon: All right.

Gilbert Lake House




Stefan: Elena, we need to talk about this.

Elena: What good is talking if you and Damon are just gonna lie to me? If you don't like my decisions, that's fine. There's nothing I can do about that but if you ever go behind my back again, I'll...

Stefan: You're gonna what? Hmm? What are you gonna do, Elena?

Elena: It's my life.

Stefan: Yeah, exactly. It's your life and I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure that you live it.

Elena: Then what? This...this...this trip through the past. You being honest. Was there any truth to that or were you just distracting me?

Stefan: I was telling you about a time when I thought that everything was lost. When I had given up because that is exactly what you're doing right now.

Elena: That is not what...

Stefan: Yes, it is! Even if you don't want to admit it. You are giving up...and Lexi? She wouldn't let me give up. I'm not gonna let you.

Woods 1864




Lexi: All of these men are dead or dying. What does that make you feel?

Stefan: Nothing. I feel nothing.

Lexi: Because you shut out the part of you that was human. The part that lets you feel.

Stefan: Is that not the point?

Lexi: Well, there is a better way. You simply have to want it.

Stefan: Is it better?

Lexi: Not at first. You can't choose what you feel. You have to let it all back in. The pain and the look in their eyes when you took their life. The cries of their loved ones.

Stefan: Why would I want to do that? Hmm?

Lexi: Because once you can hurt, you can love. Love, Stefan. That's the point. Everything is intensified when you're a vampire. When we hurt, we really hurt. But when we love...




Gilbert Lake House

Stefan: Lexi showed me that there was another way. And from that day forward, I started fighting for it. For my own survival.




Stefan: That's all I want you to do. I just want you to fight for it.




Salvatore Boarding House




Alaric: You said there wasn't going to be any violence.

Damon: Says the guy that did all the killing.




Alaric: Hey, I took the shot because I saw an opening, not because I planned to do this with Jenna in the house. Now, you can't lie to me like that.




Alaric: Hey, I am your friend, damn it. And you don't have any friends. So, no more lying.




Gilbert Lake House




Stefan: Elijah's dead. Alaric did it.




Elena: Originals believed in truth and honor. It was forbidden for a vampire to kill another vampire. So, the dagger would take both lives. And as long as the dagger stays in place, the Original, for all intents and purposes, is dead.




Salvatore Boarding House




Martin Residence




Jonas: What happened?

Elijah: I need you to find Elena. Now.

Gilbert Residence




Jeremy: Now that is cool. How does it work?

Bonnie: It's called channeling. Siphoning power from something...another witch...the Moon, an element.

Jeremy: So, technically, you could channel me.

Bonnie: What?

Jeremy: Well, I'm an element, sort of. I mean, isn't...isn't the human body mostly water?

Bonnie: You're right. Let's...see what happens.




Jeremy: What the hell are you doing here?




Bonnie: Jeremy!




Jonas: What did my son tell you? What did he tell you?

Bonnie: He told me about your daughter. I know Klaus has her and I want to help you get her back. But I want us to work together. Please.




Jonas: This is for your own good.




Jonas:
 Phasmatos Tribum, Exum Sue, Redem Su Pas Quo.

Bonnie: No! No. No!




Jonas: If any harm comes to my son because of what you did, you will answer to me.




Jeremy: You okay? It's okay. What happened?




Bonnie: He took my powers.




Gilbert Lake House




Stefan: He's here.




Elena: You have to go. I need to talk to him alone.

Stefan: Elena...

Elena: Stefan, I'm okay. He can't come in the house.




Elijah: You know, I might not be able to enter this house...But I'm a very patient man. I'll wait you out.




Elena: They shouldn't have done what they did.

Elijah: The deal is off.

Elena: I'm renegotiating.

Elijah: You have nothing left to negotiate with.




Elena: I'd like to see you lure Klaus into Mystic Falls after the doppelgänger bleeds to death.

Elijah: Stefan won't let you die.

Elena: No, he won't. He'll feed me his blood to heal me, and then I'll kill myself and become a vampire, just like Katherine did. So unless you want that to happen again, promise me the same as before...promise me...You won't harm anyone that I love. Even if they've harmed you.

Elijah: I'm sorry, Elena. I'm going to have to call your bluff.




Elijah: No! Yes. Yes, you can have your deal. Let me heal you.

Elena: Give me your word!

Elijah: I give you my word.




Damon: Little tip. Don't pull the dagger out.

Gilbert Residence




Alaric: Where did John disappear to?

Jenna: Maybe the same place the rest of the dinner party ran off to.

Alaric: Look, Jenna, I'm, uh...I'm so sorry tonight was...

Jenna: What happened to Isobel?

Alaric: You know, John should have never brought that up.

Jenna: That's not an answer.

Alaric: He's just trying to stir up trouble.

Jenna: That's not an answer, either.

Alaric: I can't talk about this, Jenna.

Jenna: I keep thinking that maybe it's me. Maybe I'm reading into things. I should trust you. That's what a relationship is about, right? But then I think that maybe John is right and maybe you're not being honest with me. So...are you being honest?




Jenna: Right, okay. Well, that was an answer.




John: Well, that was awkward.




John: You know, I can clear all this stuff up about Isobel tomorrow, if you want. Or not.




Alaric: You want it? Take it. It's yours. And after what you did to Damon...




Alaric: You're gonna need it more than me.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Uhh! What do we have here?




Damon: A little moonstone bar of soap. I'll hold on to this.

Elena: So, that's it. I mean, as long as we keep the dagger in there, then he stays dead.

Damon: Pretty much.

Elena: Okay, then...Good night.




Elena: You know, you guys want me to fight, fine, I'll fight. But if we're gonna do this, you can't keep anything from me anymore. From this moment on, we're doing it my way.

Damon: That seems fair.




Stefan: Okay.

Elena: Okay.




Damon: Seems like she's had a change of attitude. How did you get through to her?

Stefan: I told her a little story about when I was making the wrong decisions and somebody showed me there was a better way.

Damon: Lexi?

Stefan: Yeah. You remember her?




Salvatore Boarding House 1864




Lexi: Going somewhere?

Damon: You must be the vampire I hear my brother complaining about.

Lexi: That would be me. And you must be the brother who hates him.




Damon: We are at irreparable odds.

Lexi: You know the hate you're feeling towards Stefan? Towards everyone? You think you have it under control but you don't. It will get the best of you.




Damon: Help him. He needs it.

Lexi: I'll help him.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Andie? I thought you left.




Katherine: Hello, Damon. Hey, do you have a robe?

Damon: How did you get out?

Katherine: I knew that if I begged you not to kill Elijah, that's exactly what you'd do. Little known fact...Originals can compel vampires. But as soon as they die, the compulsion wears off.

Damon: And you knew.

Katherine: And I'm still here. I didn't run. I meant what I said, Damon. I'm going to help you.




Katherine: So...How about that robe?

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
