Isobel: Hello, Elena. It's nice to see you again.
Jenna: Again?
Isobel: So you're the woman who's dating my husband. I need to speak to Elena. May I come in?
Elena: N-n-no. Don't...don't invite her in.
Isobel: I need to talk to you, Elena.
Elena: No!
Jenna: You knew she was still alive? Ric? John? Did they know?
Elena: I can explain everything, Jenna.
Jenna: No.
Elena: No. Jenna, please.
Elena: Jenna, please. Wait. Jenna, please wait.
Elena: Jenna, you have to talk to me. I...I need to explain what's going on. Jenna, please.
Stefan: Isobel just showed up at their front doorstep.
Damon: What's she doing here?
Stefan: I don't know. That's what I'm gonna go find out.
Katherine: I don't think that you should tell her that I'm here.
Stefan: What? Why?
Katherine: It's better if she and John not know that I stayed in town after I got out of the tomb.
Damon: You're the one in cahoots with them. You made a deal with John that almost got me killed.
Katherine: I did what I had to get out of the tomb. Now I'm reconsidering my alliance.
Stefan: What do you know?
Katherine: I know that I want Klaus dead, which puts me squarely on team you. Besides, if you two ever need me to swap places with Elena again, the less people know that I'm here, the better. Think about it, Stefan. Come on. Be smart.
Stefan: Tell you what. Why don't you, uh...Call Alaric and let him know that his wife just showed up on his girlfriend's doorstep.
Alaric: Hey. Is she up yet?
Elena: She won't come out of her room.
Alaric: What'd you tell her?
Elena: Nothing. She won't talk to me,
Alaric: We're gonna have to fix this, Elena.
Elena: Hey.
Alaric: Jenna.
Jenna: I don't want you here, Ric. You need to go.
Alaric: Okay, listen. I can't begin to imagine what you must be feeling right now.
Jenna: Rage and betrayal would pretty much cover it.
Elena: Where are you going?
Jenna: I'm going to stay on campus. I have a thesis to write, and I don't want to be in this house.
Alaric: Jenna, please just stop. Let us explain to you exactly what is going on.
Jenna: Elena, I need you to go to the Lockwood's today and accept the Historical Society's check for your mom's foundation.
Elena: Okay, but, Jenna, please just...
Jenna: I don't have it in me to hear any more lies from you.
Elena: Jenna, just...
John: Let her go. It's better that she's not here, what with everything that's going on but maybe had you been a little more honest with her from the beginning, this...
Alaric: Sorry, Elena.
Elena: You know this is your fault, right?
John: Right.
Caroline: I can't find him anywhere. He's not at home. He's not answering his phone.
Stefan: How could you let him go?
Caroline: My mom walked in. He took off. I didn't know what to do.
Stefan: Did your mom hear anything?
Caroline: No. She just thinks we're fighting but he knows about me, and he's freaking out about Vicki.
Stefan: All right. Listen. You have to find him. You have to calm him down. Compel him if you have to. Is he still on the vervain?
Caroline: I slip it into his soda when he's at work, but I didn't get to last night, so it's out of his system. He has a catering shift at the Lockwood's today. I'm gonna try there.
Caroline: Call Matt.
Computer: Calling Matt...
: You've reached Matt. Leave a message.
Elena: Ah, this is bad. Between Isobel and Jenna and now Matt, this is disaster bad.
Stefan: Yeah.
John: Elena, can you come downstairs, please? I need to talk to you.
Elena: Heh. I have nothing to say to you.
John: Please. It's important. You, too, Stefan.
Isobel: I asked John for a do-over.
Elena: You invited her in?
John: She has information about Klaus. Please, just listen to her, okay?
Stefan: All right. What do you know?
Isobel: Since I was last here, I've been doing everything possible to find Klaus. We knew our best chance was to find him before he could find you.
Stefan: Best chance at what?
John: Keeping Elena alive.
Elena: You don't get to talk, okay, not after everything you've done.
Stefan: Were you able to find Klaus?
Isobel: No. Nobody knows where he is but there are these rumors that are flying around. That a doppelgänger exists.
John: Which means any vampire that wants to get in favor with Klaus will be lining up to capture you.
Elena: I'm not buying any of this.
Elena: The last time that you were here, you made it clear that you didn't give a damn about me. Now all of a sudden I'm supposed to believe that you want to help?
John: Isobel's been helping all along. Klaus has been obsessed with finding Katherine for centuries. All it would take was any one of those 1864 tomb vampires to spread the word around that Katherine was still alive and it would bring him straight here to Mystic Falls, where you were bound to be discovered, so we killed them.
Elena: And almost killed Stefan and Damon in the process.
Isobel: I have a safe house that I can take you to. The deed is in your name. No vampires can get in without your permission, not even me. Let me help you.
Elena: You wanna help? Then get the hell out of my house.
Damon: Yep. Everybody's dead.
Bonnie: We should pack up the grimoires. They spent years collecting them. I wanna make sure they're safe.
Damon: You know, we could just get another match and cremate him.
Bonnie: Don't be disrespectful. Not to him.
Damon: Fine. I'll bury him.
Jeremy: What exactly are we looking for?
Bonnie: According to Luka's dad, one of these contains a spell that'll let me harness the energy that's left behind when a witch dies violently.
Damon: I didn't know you and father witch were so close.
Bonnie: We weren't but when he gave me my powers back, he gave me a message. If I can find the spot in town, where the old Salem witches were burned, I can harness their energy to use when I need it.
Damon: Great. We'll have to put that on our list of things to do today. Harness ancient dead-witch power.
Bonnie: You know where the witches were burned?
Damon: Did I forget to mention that?
Jeremy: Are we gonna have to read through every one of these books till we find the right spell?
Bonnie: Not exactly.
Bonnie: It's this one.
Damon: Great. Grab the rest. Let's go.
Isobel: Merci, mon Cherie.
Katherine: Nice house.
Isobel: Nicest foreclosure in town.
Isobel: Come here.
Isobel: It's good to see you, Katherine.
Katherine: I hear you've been busy.
Isobel: Yes, I have. I've been busy making a deal with Klaus to save your life.
Isobel: Here. A vintner I knew in Avignon.
Katherine: He's tasty.
Katherine: So what was with the surprise visit to the Gilbert house?
Isobel: John told me Rick was dating auntie vanilla. I got jealous.
Katherine: You have obviously got John wrapped around your finger if he invited you in the house.
Isobel: He thinks I'm helping him protect Elena, so he's been very useful in keeping me informed on everything that's been going on.
Katherine: So tell me what you know.
Isobel: You were right. I couldn't get anywhere near Klaus, but I found my way to someone in his trusted circle. One of his witches.
Katherine: Klaus and his witches.
Isobel: He said that Klaus is willing to grant you your freedom if we deliver the moonstone and the doppelgänger.
Katherine: I can get the moonstone.
Isobel: You know Katherine, you'd be betraying your Salvatore boys again.
Katherine: I was more than willing to play it their way if I had to, but they're floundering. Their witch has lost her powers, and they've used their only weapon to kill Elijah. If I stick with them, I'm dead. You showing up changes everything.
Elena: Do you really think that Isobel's telling the truth that word's gotten out about the doppelgänger?
Stefan: Look, I don't trust a word that she says, but I think we'd be stupid to ignore the warning.
Damon: You know, you should just stay here. It's better for us to keep an eye on you.
Stefan: What, in the house that any vampire can enter? No. Her house is safer.
Damon: Well, then we'll stay there.
Elena: So is that the plan? Neither of you will let me out of your sight again?
Damon: Let me know when you come up with a better one.
Elena: Fine. Then one of you 2 bodyguards is gonna have to come with me to the Lockwood luncheon.
Stefan: That'd be me.
Damon: Not me. I have witch stuff to attend to with Bonnie.
Elena: Does that mean that you're taking her to the...
Damon: Shh.
Katherine: Don't get quiet on my account. If you have a plan to combat the impending vampire doom, please do tell.
Katherine: Seriously, what is the plan to get us out of this mess, hmm? I delivered you a moonstone, a werewolf, and the dagger to lure and kill Klaus, and right now all you have is a moonstone. Or so you tell me.
Damon: No, we have it.
Katherine: Where is it?
Damon: It's in a very safe place.
Katherine: I've been honest with you. Time to return the favor.
Damon: Let me be honest with you. Don't mistake the fact that we haven't set you on fire in your sleep for trust.
Katherine: Fine. Be that way.
Forbes: The marshal hasn't been able to figure out what caused the fire at the scene, but he did find blood. No body, just blood.
Carol: You think vampires were involved?
Forbes: I'm starting to assume the answer to that is always a yes.
Caroline: Mrs. Lockwood, uh, have you seen Matt? I thought he was working a catering shift at today's luncheon.
Carol: No, I haven't, honey. Sorry. But if you see him, could you ask if he's heard from Tyler?
Caroline: Yeah, of course. Um, still no word from him?
Carol: No. The note he left said he needed time to figure some things out, but I wish I knew where he was.
Caroline: Um, excuse me.
Stefan: Hey. Any luck finding Matt?
Caroline: None. What if he tells somebody? What if he tells everybody?
Stefan: No, we just gotta find him and make sure that doesn't happen.
Stefan: Do you have any idea where he would be?
Elena: I wish I did, but he wasn't really one to run.
Caroline: You know, this wasn't how it was supposed to happen. You know, I was supposed to tell him at the right moment in the right way, and he was supposed to be okay with it because he loves me.
Elena: We'll help you find him. I just have to accept this thing for Jenna.
Caroline: All right. Well, call me when you're done, and I'll be out looking for him.
Stefan: Maybe he'll come around. You did.
Jeremy: Is this the spot Emily Bennett was killed, too?
Damon: Founders thought it was poetic burning her where the other witches burned.
Bonnie: How do you know where the witches were burned?
Damon: 'Cause I tried to save her. Emily was just my key to getting Katherine back before I knew what a nasty little bitch Katherine was.
Jeremy: You sure it's the right place?
Damon: Whatever witchy prank you're playing, don't. It's not funny.
Bonnie: I'm not doing anything.
Damon: I can't move.
Damon: Oh, my ring's not working. Do something.
Bonnie: I don't think the witches like you being here.
Jeremy: I guess this is the right place.
Damon: I'm gonna go wait outside.
Isobel: Hi, Ric.
Alaric: Isobel. What do you want?
Isobel: Just cleaning up some loose ends.
Alaric: Yeah, we don't have any loose ends.
Isobel: You may not. I do. I need to apologize to you.
Alaric: It's a little late for that.
Isobel: No, not for what I've done in the past. We're beyond that. Although I am sorry for outing you to your girlfriend. That was petty of me.
Alaric: Look, whatever jacked-up vampire amends that you're trying to make with me right now, I'm not interested.
Isobel: Of course not, because I compelled you to let me go. I realize that I don't wanna do what I have to do without you knowing how much I loved you and I did. I loved you so much. He's all yours.
Damon: Wanna hurry it up in there?
Damon: Screw you too, Emily. You know, you're all on your own in there.
Bonnie: Can you hand me the grimoire?
Jeremy: Are you sure about this?
Bonnie: Are you worried about me?
Jeremy: Yeah, of course I am.
Bonnie: I'm sure.
Jeremy: What is that?
Bonnie: The spirits of the witches who died here. I can feel them.
Jeremy: All right. What are they saying?
Bonnie: I can't tell.
Jeremy: Where are you going?
Bonnie: Here. This is it. Help me set the candles.
Jeremy: What the hell are they saying?
Jeremy: What is it?
Bonnie: Nothing.
Bonnie: They're ready.
Carol: And here to accept the donation to the Miranda Sommers-Gilbert scholarship fund is Elena Gilbert.
John: What are you doing here?
Isobel: I'm creating a distraction.
Elena: The Historical Society was my mom's baby. She considered all of you family and would be honored and touched by this gift.
Katherine: Nice dress. Mind if I borrow it?
Carol: Please, let the sheriff do her job.
Stefan: Uh, he's-he's bleeding. Is he okay?
Forbes: Yeah, I got it. I got it.
Forbes: You know what? Let's all back off. He just needs some air. Everything's fine.
Stefan: You okay?
Katherine: I'm calling Damon.
Stefan: Let's get out of here. Come on.
Katherine: It's Isobel, Damon. It's gotta be.
Stefan: Tell him he needs to get over here and deal with John's body.
Katherine: You've got some serious explaining to do to the Council about John being not so dead.
Stefan: Where the hell is she, huh?
Katherine: I'm sorry, Stef, but I can't have you following me.
Jeremy: Bonnie? You're scaring me here.
Jeremy: Bonnie!
Jeremy: You okay?
Bonnie: I did it.
Jeremy: It's okay.
Carol: I'm sorry for the scare. It was just a bad fall. Paramedics are on their way.
Damon: Hey. How is he?
Forbes: He's dead.
Damon: He'll be fine in a couple hours.
Carol: What are you talking about? Damon, he's dead.
Damon: Well...Here's the thing. John's ring, it's an old Gilbert family heirloom that protects its owner from death by a supernatural entity.
Carol: But he's not breathing. He has no pulse.
Damon: He will be. Trust me. We're gonna need a cover story...epileptic fit, alcohol binge, banana peel, whatever works. But right now I just have to get him out of here.
Forbes: Yeah. It's a false alarm at the Lockwood's. Okay. Good. Thanks.
Matt: Sheriff Forbes.
Forbes: Matt, what's wrong?
Matt: I wanna see Vicki's file.
Forbes: What?
Matt: My sister, I want to see her file. I want to see how you covered up that she was killed by a vampire.
Forbes: Matt, you need to calm down. You're upset. You don't know...
Matt: Don't lie to me.
Forbes: Matt, you need to calm down now.
Damon: Stefan? How'd I beat you and Elena home? What?
Isobel: Are we good to go?
Katherine: I'm at your house, but we have to hurry. Damon knows your lodging tricks. It will take him all of 20 minutes to find out where you're staying.
Isobel: We'll be long gone before that.
Katherine: Good. How far are you?
Isobel: I'm sorry, Katherine.
Isobel: I had to do what I was told. He wanted the moonstone and he wanted you.
Katherine: He? He who?
Caroline: Hey, Matt, if you're listening to this that means you've listened to the last 25 messages I've left you, which all say the same thing, so...call me.
Caroline: You're here.
Matt: Your mom brought me here.
Caroline: My mom?
Matt: I accused her of covering up Vicki's death and she threatened to arrest me.
Caroline: Did you tell her anything else?
Matt: Nothing about you.
Matt: I got the feeling she wasn't gonna believe anything I said, so I shut up. Then she brought me here to cool down, and then she got called away.
Caroline: Matt...
Caroline: Why'd you stick around if you're still scared of me?
Matt: Because I need to know more about Vicki, about you.
Caroline: I'll tell you anything you wanna know.
Jeremy: All right, well, there has to be something in the grimoire to help us translate that chant.
Bonnie: It was just a warning.
Jeremy: Heh. What kind of warning?
Bonnie: It's not important.
Jeremy: Uh, look, it is important to me, okay?
Bonnie: It's a lot of power to have access to. They're just telling me to be careful with it.
Jeremy: Well, exactly how much power can you draw from a hundred dead witches?
Jeremy: Bonnie.
Bonnie: The answer to your question is: a lot.
Stefan: Think this is the house?
Damon: Better be. It's the nicest foreclosure in town.
Stefan: Swear to God if she's not here...
Damon: Don't be such a pessimist.
Stefan: I got upstairs.
Damon: This is Isobel's stuff. It's definitely the right place.
Stefan: Where are they?
Damon: I don't know, Stefan.
Isobel: Just because you can't be compelled doesn't mean I can't force you to come with me.
Elena: So is that what happened? You were compelled to betray Katherine?
Isobel: If I was, I couldn't tell you.
Elena: So you lied. You did find Klaus, didn't you? He knows where I am now. Are you taking me to him?
Elena: What is this?
Isobel: My parents, your grandparents, they put it here when it became clear that the police weren't gonna find my body. They visit every week, and they bring flowers, even though there's no one buried here. The Isobel they knew is dead. So maybe there's a part of me that's buried here, the-the human part, the part that I abandoned when I-when I choose to become a vampire, the part that used to dream about the day that she'd know her daughter.
Elena: What?
Isobel: And instead you got to meet the other part...The part that would betray her own flesh and blood.
Maddox: I have Katherine and the moonstone. Is the doppelgänger safe?
Isobel: Yes.
Maddox: Then let her go.
Isobel: Let her go?
Maddox: Klaus has everything he needs for now. Your part is finished. You did what he compelled you to do.
Isobel: I'm done?
Maddox: You're done.
Elena: Who was that?
Isobel: I'm so sorry, Elena. I was such a disappointment to you.
Caroline: So after I hurt you in the woods, I made you forget and I promised myself I would stay away from you, but I-I couldn't...'Cause I love you. I do. I love you, Matt, so much. God, I'm so sorry about what happened to Vicki. And I really wish you'd say something.
Matt: I'm all alone.
Caroline: No, you're not.
Matt: My mom doesn't care, my sister's dead, and all of my friends are liars, and you're a...
Caroline: I'm still me. I'm still me. It's just I'm just a little bit...
Matt: Don't. No. This is too much. All of this is just too much. I don't want to know this.
Caroline: Tell me what I can do. Tell me what I can do. I...I want to help you.
Matt: You can make me forget. You've done it to me before.
Caroline: I don't-I don't think that that's...
Matt: Please make me forget, Caroline. I don't wanna look at you and see what I'm seeing right now.
Caroline: But maybe after...
Matt: (Shouting.) Just make me forget, Caroline!
Caroline: Okay. Okay, Matt.
Stefan: Is that Isobel's?
Elena: I never thought I would feel bad about her being dead, and yet...
Stefan: She was your mother.
Elena: Why did they let me go?
Stefan: Well, anything John told Isobel, we have to assume that Klaus knows, right? So he knows that you're not gonna turn yourself into a vampire. He knows that you have us keeping you safe.
Elena: He knows I'm not gonna run.
Damon: Which is why we need to take some precautions, 'cause we got played, all of us.
Elena: What's this?
Stefan: It's the deed to our house. It's in Zach's name. As soon as you sign it, it'll be in your name.
Elena: You're giving me your house?
Stefan: Isobel had the right idea with the safe house. You'll just stay here till it's all over. That way, you can control who gets invited and who doesn't.
Damon: Although I'll be super pissed if you lock me out.
John: I swear I had no idea what she was gonna do. I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.
Elena: Damon, let him go. He and I need to talk.
Bonnie: I told you to not worry about that.
Jeremy: A warning. That's all you felt like telling me? This is some kind of warning, Bonnie. It says if you use too much of your powers at once, it'll kill you. How much would it take to kill an Original?
Bonnie: All of it.
Jeremy: No. I'm not gonna let you do that.
Bonnie: Jeremy, do you think I was born with these powers so I could float feathers and blow out candles? There's a reason I was called to do this.
Jeremy: No one's called to get themselves killed. Plus Elena's not gonna let you die for her.
Bonnie: That's why you're not gonna tell her.
Jeremy: Do you even understand what you're saying right now?
Bonnie: It's not just for Elena, Jeremy. It's for you. It's for everyone. If I am the only one who can put an end to this, then it'll be my decision, no one else's. Mine.
Matt: I did it. I drank that vervain stuff. I went over there, and I got her to tell me everything. Then I asked her to take it away.
Forbes: Thank you, Matt. I know this isn't easy, but...I'm glad you told me what happened last night. I want you to tell me everything she said.
Matt: I feel like she died.
Forbes: Oh, she did.
John: I always knew that she and Katherine were close, but I never realized that Isobel and her were working against me. Two of the world's most uncaring and selfish vampires, and yet they were genuinely friends.
Elena: If that's what you thought of her, why did you ever put your trust in her at all?
John: Because I was there when she gave birth to you, Elena. I saw how heartbroken she was to give you up. And because she was the first girl I ever loved, and when she said she'd help keep you safe...I believed her. At this point, I will do whatever you want me to do. If you feel safer with me not around, then I'll go.
Elena: You screw up everything, John. Everything you touch just falls apart. But you're the only parent I have left...so maybe I can learn not to hate you.
John: Okay.
Damon: Hey, Bonnie said the spell worked. She's locked and loaded.
Stefan: At least something went right today. Katherine has no idea that Bonnie got her powers back.
Damon: Uh-uh.
Stefan: And Isobel had no idea what you and Jeremy took Bonnie to do today.
Damon: Uh-uh.
Stefan: We're the only ones who know.
Damon: That literally makes Bonnie our secret weapon.
Maddox: Somno Ritum Per Dax Ritum, Somno Ritum Per Dax Ritum,Somno Ritum Per Dax Ritum
Katherine: Alaric?
Alaric: Zdravei, Katerina.
Alaric: I have missed you.
Katherine: Klaus!
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.