Tom: You've got a good grip there. What's your name?
Tom: My name is Tom. You're going to be alright.
FALLS:
Sloan: His name is Tom Avery. I heard that much.
ATLANTA:
Tom:  Pneumothorax. I need a 10-gauge needle now.
Doctor: We'll take it from here.
Tom: If you don't do it now, she's not going to make it to the operating table.
FALLS:
Sloan: Come on, Stefan! I need your help with the link. Tell me what you see! Tell me where to find your doppelgänger.
ATLANTA:
Doctor: You're a real piece of work, Avery. They must have broke the mold when they made you.
FALLS:
Stefan: Atlanta Metropolitan Hospital
Sloan: Good. Now your friends can go kill him.
CREDITS:
:00 pm, for a parent/teacher conference at Jeremy's school. After sitting there for a few minutes, she looks over at Damon, who is sleeping, and tries to sneak out of the bed)
Damon: Good morning, sunshine!
Elena: Oh! Um, Did I wake you?
Damon: No, I've been up for three hours.
Elena: Really? Because you didn't say a word.
Damon: Neither did you.
Elena: Well, I didn't really have much to say. Nothing has changed. We're still bad for each other and we are still broken up. Last night was a mistake.
Damon: Maybe we should keep making mistakes? Big ones..
Elena: Oh. Seriously, Damon. Put some clothes on, or at least get out of my way. I need to go.
Damon: Your loss. I make one hell of a naked breakfast.
ATLANTA:
: Atlanta assassination squad. How may we be of service?
Sloan: I take it you haven't located the doppelgänger yet?
Enzo: You told us to find a nameless paramedic at the scene of a car accident in a city of freeways, fried green tomatoes and terrible drivers. It's not exactly as easy as it sounds.
Sloan: Which is why I'm calling.. the doppelgänger's name is Tom Avery. And I just saw him deliver a patient to Atlanta Metropolitan Hospital.
Caroline: She saw him?
: She did the vision thing again?
: We had a deal. I find Stefan's last living doppelgänger
: Tom
: Tom. I-I (lowering her voice) take care of Tom and in return, you stop using Stefan to psychically doppel-bomb him. Because every time you link the two, you are frying Stefan's brain.
Sloan: I don't give a damn about his brain. It's his blood that matters.
Sloan: And until Stefan and Elena are the last two doppelgängers on Earth, their blood is useless to me. So you better believe I'll give Stefan a back alley lobotomy if you fail to kill Tom Avery.
Caroline: Well, I don't fail at things. So do it again and I'll kill you too.
: I'll kill you too? You're like a perky, blonde angel of death. Almost had me convinced.
GRILL:
Tyler: The breakfast of champions.
Matt: Let me guess, this is about Elena?
Damon: You know, that is so incredibly insightful, Donovan. You're really street smart, for someone working behind that bar, for what is it, 3 years now?
Tyler: At least he's not looking for answers at the bottom of a glass.
Damon: Tyler Lockwood's now a life coach, despite running his own life into the ground. Perfect.
Matt: If you wanted advice, why didn't you just talk to Stefan?
Damon: Because it's diffcult to explain to your brother that you just broke up with the former love of his life, and then broke the bed.
Tyler: Woah. TMI.
Damon: Besides, I've got you two idiots.
Damon: Mystic Falls amateur therapists.
Matt: I'm only listening to you because I'm getting paid.
Damon: Less and less by the second. Anyway, Stefan's not an option. He's off doing some research project with Caroline. Don't worry wolf boy, I'm sure they're just friends.
: Bottle of Gin and let me see you break the seal.
Liv: What can I say? I got issues.
Damon: Well, pull up a chair girl, tell the professionals your problems.. just talk slow and use small words.
Liv: Thanks but never, ever. Bye.
Damon: Well boys, I hate to cut the session short, but unlike you, I have other places to be today, but don't worry, I'll be back. I've got deep, dark, childhood trauma that I'm just itchin' to talk about.
HIGH:
Douglas: As the guidance counselor, you'll first meet with me individually and then you'll have an open house with your child's teachers,
: Hey Bon.
Bonnie: Hey. I got your text. What's the friend emergency?
Elena: Damon and I broke up. It's final.
Bonnie: Oh my God. When did it happen?
Elena: Last night
Bonnie: But you didn't come home last night.
: Uh. That's because I slept with him.
Bonnie: Oh!
Elena: Post breakup
Bonnie: Ugh.
Elena: Was that irresponsible?
Bonnie: Probably.. Does Jeremy know that you and Damon definitely, maybe, broke up?
Elena: No. He wasn't at the house last night; thankfully.
Bonnie: Well.. that's weird. He didn't mention anything to me. If he wasn't at home, where was he?
Elena: I.. don't know. That doesn't really help with the whole irresponsible thing, does it?
Elena: Bonnie?
Bonnie: Uhh. Sorry, Katherine's cute BFF just showed up.
Elena: I think his name is Luke.
Bonnie: I have an idea. Since you and Damon are officially over...
Elena: Nice try, but, uh, I think Damon is more of his type.
Bonnie: They'd be cute too.
Elena: Hey, look Bonnie, I, uh, I gotta go. Thanks for listening
Elena: Hey, Mrs. Douglas.
Douglas: Elena! It's good to see you
Elena: You too
Douglas: Although you're not on the list as Jeremy's primary contact.
Elena: Then who is?
: Damon Salvatore. Present.
ATLANTA:
Caroline: So, the receptionist doesn't know Tom personally, but I compelled him to call someone who does.
Enzo: Okay. I give up. I can't tell if you're avoiding the mission, or me.
Caroline: Well why can't it be both?
Enzo: Because I've earned some company, after hand delivering the antidote that kept Damon and Elena from consuming each other.. Literally.
Caroline: Yeah, well that doesn't mean I trust you. I still don't understand why you're even here.
Enzo: Damon's trying to be a good boy these days, which means I'm in need of a new murder buddy.
Enzo: I'm joking! A joke.. british humor..
Enzo: Ahh. Modern women. All bosom, no mystery. Present company excluded.
Caroline: Dear God. Please don't tell me that I am the real reason you're here.
Enzo: Why not? From what Damon tells me, I am your type. Well-traveled, charming accent, dodgy morals...
Caroline: Mhmm. Arrogant, tactless, completely unable to take a hint.
Enzo: Precisely. Well, to be honest, you remind me of someone I once knew. She worked for the Augustines.
Caroline: You mean, she tortured you? I can definitely relate to that.
Enzo: Maggie was only there to observe my behavior in captivity. I quite liked her, actually.
Caroline: And let me guess, she made you want to be a better man.
Enzo: Not at all. She just reminded me that I was good all along.
Doctor: You were asking about Tom Avery?
Caroline: Yes. We need to see him as soon as possible. It's a matter of life or death.
Doctor: I wish I could help. Tom Avery was a pain in my ass, but he was also the best paramedic I ever met.
Enzo: What do you mean, "was"?
Doctor: He disappeared four months ago. No one knows where he is.
:
: We moved. Why?
Sloan: We don't call us travelers for our mileage points.
Stefan: I know this place. We're right outside of Mystic Falls.
Sloan: Believe me, I'd rather be at the beach right now, but this is where we're supposed to meet our fearless leader.
Stefan: Markos, right? You said he wants our blood. Why?
: I hope you're calling me to tell me the doppelgänger is dead.
Caroline: Your stupid doppel-visions gave us bad information. Put Stefan on the phone.
Stefan: Caroline, what happened?
Caroline: Tom's been missing from the hospital for months. Is there any other things that you noticed in your visions -- any small details that could maybe help us out?
Stefan: No. I can't remember anything. After the spell happened, it's like I blacked out.
Sloan: The link connects us to the doppelgänger's mind. If we're seeing old memories, that means we have to go deeper.
Caroline: No. No No. If he's blacking out, that means that the link is destroying his memories.
: Stefan?! Stefan! Are you still with me?
Caroline: Stefan, I'm still here , okay? Listen to my voice. Can you hear me? I'm right here, okay? Just hold on.
VISION:
Woman: Excuse me.
Tom: Hi
Woman: Are you Tom Avery?
Tom: The one and only. What can I do for you? Ms, uh.. ?
Hazel: Hazel. And you already did it, actually. It's my friend, Trish. The doctor said you saved her life last night.
Tom: I was just doing my job.
Hazel: Can I buy you dinner? To thank you, I mean... oh God, I'm so bad at this.
Tom: How's seven o'clock?
Hazel: Perfect. You can pick me up at 6643 Peachtree Drive. Hopefully not in an ambulence.
TRAVELERS:
Caroline: Can you hear me? Just say something, please!
Stefan: Caroline, I'm here.
: Okay
Stefan: 6643 Peachtree Drive. There was, uh, a redheaded woman. Her name was Hazel.
Caroline: Thank you. I won't let you down.
Stefan: Caroline, he's a good person. Don't do it.
Sloan: Clock's ticking.
SCHOOL:
Damon: The clock's busted. What am I paying my PTA dues for? I am gonna file a complaint.
Elena: Is that why you're here?
Damon: You left me in charge of Jeremy when you went off to Whitmore. I've had this on my calendar for months.
Elena: So no other reason?
Damon: Why? Is there something else you want to talk about? Oh, come on. Don't pretend like you're not still tingling from this morning.
Elena: Can we just focus on Jeremy, please?
Damon: Right, well, speaking of hypotheticals, if Jeremy was running around with another girl, would you wanna know about it?
Elena: What are you talking about? What girl?
Damon: Bonnie's little witch trainee, Liv. I saw her and Jeremy sharing a top shelf bottle of inhibition killer at the grill this morning.
Elena: Jeremy wouldn't do that to Bonnie
Damon: Again, need I remind you that he once had an affair with a ghost. The only thing missing was a sappy love song and a pottery wheel.
Elena: He learned his lesson. Jeremy's not a cheater.
Douglas: Okay. Sorry to keep you waiting. Bad news first – Jeremy's missed 11 days of shool, he's started three fights and he's been caught cheating in math class... twice.
: Cheating? That is so not like him. Go on, please.
Douglas: I'm sorry, you are Elena's...
Damon: Ex-boyfriend – ex, right?
Elena: Can we not talk about that right now?
Douglas: Actually, it's relevant. Most problems in school are rooted in problems at home. Jeremy's in desperate need of a stable living situation. People who care about giving him that, more than their own needs–
Damon: Someone's in desperate need of a less judgy counselor
Elena: We do care, we really do. We'll.. we'll do better
Douglas: I hope so, for Jeremy's sake.
ATLANTA:
Enzo: It's a miracle we found the place. Every other street in this blasted city is Peachtree.
Caroline: These look old. Like, four months old.
Enzo: Seventy years in a cage.. You'd think I'd learn to pick a lock by now.
Caroline: Red hair.. that's her. She's a witch.
Caroline: And she must own the house.
Enzo: Not for long
Caroline: Why did you do that? She was our only lead!
Enzo: Exactly. And I am a murdeous vampire. Surprise!
WHITMORE:
Bonnie: Hey. Hey, can I help you?
Luke: Oh, huh?
Bonnie: You just keep looking over there. I thought maybe you wanted to say something.
Luke: Ah, no. I'm just studying. Unless you are an expert in wave mechanics
Bonnie: Hmm. Science isn't really my thing.
Luke: Yeah
Hazel: You're the anchor. If I'm here, that means I'm dead. (looks at Luke) Tell him I failed. Tell him I was trying to hide the doppelgänger with magic, but they found us.
Bonnie: What are you talking about? Who are you?
Hazel: Hazel. He'll know the rest.
Luke: Hey, Hey, Hey. Are you okay?
Bonnie: She said she knew you. How did she know you?
Luke: Who?
Bonnie: Someone named Hazel. She had a message for you.
GRILL:
Jeremy: What the hell is a silencing spell?
Liv: Just a little bit of magic, keeps nosy hybrid types from snooping.
Tyler: So, what's up with those two?
Matt: Cliffnotes – Liv goes to Whitmore, she's a new witch and Bonnie's teaching her magic.
Tyler: You left out the part about her being hot -- like, weird hot.
Matt: You're the one with the vamp ears. What are they talking about?
Tyler: I have no idea. I can't hear anything.
Matt: Hmm
GRILL:
Liv: You're here because you're a hunter. That means you can't be mind-controlled by travelers. That officially makes you the only person in this room that I can trust.
Jeremy: Okay, so trust me. Tell me what's going on.
Liv: There's a rumor going around in witch circles. The travelers are up to something big.
Jeremy: I thought travelers were witches.
Liv: Not quite. They're more like the ugly stepsister. Travelers have a grudge toward anyone that draws their magic from nature. Something about witches cursing the land to turn it against them. Now they're on the move. Next stop, here.
Jeremy: Mystic Falls? Why?
Liv: Your sister. It turns out Elena's friends are right. The world actually does revolve around her. So if you want to keep her safe, you're going to have to help me figure out what the travelers are up to.
Jeremy: Is everything okay?
Liv: It will be
Jeremy: Wait, you lay all this on me and now you're just leaving?
Liv: You were plan A. Plans change.
Tyler: It's rude to leave Jeremy hanging.. even for a newbie witch.
Liv: Motus!
Liv: Not a newbie witch, FYI.
SCHOOL:
Elena: Just because Jeremy's a bad student, it doesn't mean that he's cheating on Bonnie.
Damon: You're making excuses for someone you love. That's what you do. The worse the behavior, the more you try to defend it.
Elena: And you keep trying to make this about us.
Damon: Yeah, because you keep trying to make it about anything else!
Elena: You know what? Fine. But don't pretend you came here for Jeremy. If you wanna talk about last night, talk!
Damon: Here's the thing, Elena, I don't know what to say, or do. or think. All I know is that right now...
Damon: I want to rip your clothes off right here in the middle of this hall, and throw you into one of these classrooms and kiss every square inch of your body, while a bunch of people that drive minivans listen, wishing they were us. That's probably a bad idea, right?
Elena: Right
Damon: Right
Damon: See you in class...
ATLANTA:
Enzo: She was in a bloody trance, unable to answer questions. I don't see why you're mad. I'm only doing what's necessary to save your friend, because you won't.
Caroline: You don't think that I'm up for this?
Enzo: "This" being the cold-blooded murder of an innocent man? You can hardly say the word. How do you expect to actually do it?
Caroline: I'm sorry, is this all supposed to be easy? You barely know me, so let me reintroduce myself. Hi., my name is Caroline Forbes and I am a good vampire, and I don't just go around killing people!
Enzo: You've got me all wrong, Caroline Forbes. I'm not judging you. I'm preparing you.
Enzo: I've seen soldiers, men trained to kill, look their enemy in the eye and freeze up on the battlefield – a hesitation that usually costs them their lives.
Caroline: Well, last time I checked, this isn't war and I'm not a soldier, but Stefan is one of the best people that I know and when it comes to saving his life, yes, I will do just about anything–
Caroline: What's that sound?
Enzo: The tell-tale heart.
Enzo: Why would a witch go to such lengths to keep a man alive and off the grid for four months?
Caroline: Four months ago, Silas died. The original Stefan-gänger.
Enzo: He's a dead ringer, all right. Or rather, soon to be dead.
Caroline: Tom? Tom? Tom Avery?
Enzo: Caroline, let me do this. Just walk away now, go upstairs...
Caroline: No! I'm the one who made the deal. This is on me, no matter what.
Enzo: Or maybe you just can't stand the thought of putting Stefan's life into anyone's hands but your own.
Tom: What's happening? Who are you people?
Enzo: We're angels mate, come to deliver you to the sweet hereafter.
: Calm down. You can trust me.
Enzo: Bonding with him will only make it harder on you.
Caroline: Let me do this my way.
: I'm your friend and you mean the world to me. Do you trust me?
Tom: Of course.
Caroline: Good. Now, I promise, you won't feel a thing.
Tom: What's going on?
Caroline: I'm getting you out of here.
WHITMORE:
Bonnie: So, you're Liv's twin brother and a witch? Anything else I should know?
Luke: Look. Please don't be mad at Liv, okay? My family's kind of messed up.
Bonnie: I'm not mad. I'm creeped out. Why have you been watching me all day?
Bonnie: We're not done.
: Hey, Jer.
Jeremy: Is Elena with you? I think she's in trouble.
Bonnie: No. She's at your school today, remember? What's going on?
Jeremy: Liv is up to something. She said Elena is important to the travelers.
Bonnie: Liv? Since when do you two talk?
Jeremy: Look, I'll tell you everything later, but I gotta go find Elena.
HIGH:
Damon: Lucky us. First one's here.
Elena: Shut up.
Damon: You okay?
Elena: Shh, I said no talking.
Damon: Elena. Elena? Earth to Elena.
Teacher: So I tell my students, chemistry is about attraction and reaction. Sometimes it's beautiful, just as often, it's destructive...
: You're missing an incredibly boring presentation.
Elena: I need some air.
Teacher: As you can imagine, it's the more destructive reactions that your students are the most interested in...
Liv: Elena Gilbert... just the girl I'm looking for.
Elena: Liv? Hey... What are you doing here? Is this about Jeremy?
Liv: No. This is about you.
:
Liv: Sorry about this. My coven did everything in its power to protect you, but you're just too dangerous now.
Elena: I don't know what you're talking about.
Liv: And you never will.
: Oh god.
Damon: Little tip, if you're going to stop to kill someone, don't waste time feeling bad about it.
ATLANTA:
Tom: Hazel seemed nice, so you know, I figured, uh, why not have dinner? So I showered, picked her up and that was it -- that was the last thing I remember for four months.
Caroline: She kidnapped you that night.. locked you up ever since -- hid you away from anyone that knew magic.
Tom: Like you said, she was a real witch.
Caroline: Yeah.
Tom:  I don't know why I'm telling you my whole life's story.
Caroline: It's because I compelled you to. And to stay calm and not worry.
Tom: Hmm. Why do you want to know so much about me?
Caroline: I just want to make sure you're a good guy.. no skeletons in the closet.. that sort of thing.
Tom: And?
Caroline: And.. you are just about one of the nicest people I've ever met.
Tom: Well, likewise, because I do remember you saving my life. So, if there's anything I can do to repay you, let me know.
Caroline: Ugh. Em. What I need from you isn't something I can take.
Tom: I don't understand.
Caroline: Well, you don't have to. You just remind me of someone who's really important to me.
Tom: Well, he's one hell of a lucky guy.
Caroline: Yeah. (Looking into his eyes to compel him) So are you because after this, you are going to get on a train, ride until you find a place you like; meet a pretty girl; settle down; be happy for the rest of your long, long life.
Caroline: Just go easy on the carbs. They're a killer.
HIGH:
Elena: ENOUGH!
Damon: Hardly. She was two seconds away from killing you and I wanna know why.  So, I'm going to rip this nasty rag out of your mouth and if I hear so much as one syllable of hocus pocus, one of us is going to break your neck. Spoiler alert: It's gonna be me.
Damon: Talk.
Damon: Alright
Elena: Damon, stop!
Damon: You don't get to tell me what to do anymore. We broke up. Remember?
Elena: This is exactly why we broke up. Please tell me you understand that.
Liv: Oh my god. Just kill me already.
Damon: Tempting, but not until you talk.
Liv: She's the last female doppelgänger. After tonight, there might only be one male doppelgänger. And it that happens, the travelers will come for you, Elena. To use you. The witches can't let that happen.
Damon: If it's between you and this psychopath, Elena, you know what I have to do.
Elena: If you do, then what? Am I suppose to hate you, or resent you? Or forgive you?
Damon: Well, that's your choice. The only way you're going to get to make it is if you're alive. Please tell me YOU understand that!
: Are you freaking kidding me?
: Oh god.
Jeremy: If you want to kill Liv, you're going to have to kill me too.
:
HIGH:
Luke: Who are you?
Matt: We're friends of Jeremy and Elena.
Tyler: Even Damon, sometimes.
Matt: Oh and don't forget Bonnie. She's the one who told us you might be here.
Luke: Well, blood's thicker than water and my sister's in there. So..
Tyler: Yeah. She showed us that trick before too.
SCHOOL:
Jeremy: What are you waiting for, Damon? Go on. It wouldn't be the first time you killed me.
Elena: Jeremy
Damon: She tried to stake your sister, you idiot. She's going to do it again.
Jeremy: No, she won't. She's gonna help keep Elena safe. I will make sure of that.
Damon: How? You can't even get a passing grade in penmanship!
Jeremy: Trust me, I won't let anyone hurt you.
Elena: Jer, after all of the things you've been pulling at school, how can I trust you? You haven't exactly been making good decisions. Okay?
Jeremy: How can you expect me to care about school, when this is my life? I mean, take a look around, it's not like I can bring my teachers a note, saying "Sorry I missed class today. We were under doppelgänger invasion." But I know what I'm doing. Please. Liv knows more about the travelers than she's letting on.
Elena: Let's go, Damon.
Damon: Oh. Ugh. You can't be serious!
Elena: I trust him, okay? And right now, I really need you to trust me.
LATER:
Liv: Where the hell were you?
Luke: Look, we wouldn't even be here if you had just killed Elena.
Liv: I was almost turned into an ashtray, or whatever crap they make in wood shop. So thanks for the brotherly concern.
Jeremy: So here's plan C. You're going to protect Elena and I'm going to help you stop the travelers.
Luke: You realize this is an epic conflict of interest?
Liv: Maybe not. Jeremy's got hunter skills and he's not afraid to take a stand. If the travelers are coming for his sister, or making a move on Mystic Falls, or both, he's going to see it coming before we do. So, what's the catch?
Jeremy: I'm going to need some help.
Luke: More townies. No.
Jeremy: They're part of the deal. Take it or leave it.
ATLANTA:
Tom: I don't think I've ever eaten so much in my life.
Caroline: Yeah. I don't think anyone has.
Enzo: Then I suppose it was a fitting last supper.
Caroline: No!
Caroline: Why the hell did you do that?!
Enzo: Because you aren't the only one that cut a deal to save someone's life. That old flame I mentioned, Maggie, the travelers claim they know where to find her.
Caroline: Well, if she's anything like me, she just lost all respect for you.
Enzo: No. I'll earn her forgiveness in time. Because unlike you, Caroline, I'm willing to do whatever it takes for the people i love. The travelers moved to some junk yard outside Mystic Falls. Feel free to tell Stefan you're the one who saved his life.
:
House:
Damon: Penny for your thoughts?
Elena: I'm thinking Ms. Douglas is right.
Damon: The guidance counselor? And how would she know about the crap we're dealing with?
Elena: She spelled it out for us, Damon. It's not that we're bad for each other. We're just bad for Jeremy.
Damon: Jeremy's whole life is bad for Jeremy. You wanna fix Jeremy? Put him on a plane and get him out of town. We did what he wanted, remember? Against my better judgement, I might add.
Damon: The man of the hour. Where are you going, little Gilbert?
Jeremy: Matt and Tyler said I can stay at their place for a little while.
Elena: What? No, Jer. You don't have to do that.
Damon: Put the bags down, we'll talk about this in the morning.
Jeremy: No. We won't. I should've moved out a long time ago.
Elena: Jeremy, I-I know things have been a little crazy lately, but..
Jeremy: And you know that they are always going to be crazy. And I need to figure out how to deal with crazy on my own. Right now, this is what's best for me... for all of us. I'm not asking for permission.
Elena: Okay. I'll call every day and I'll... I'll make sure to stay more involved.
CAMP:
Caroline: Stefan? Hey.
Stefan: Hey.
Stefan: Are you...
Caroline: A big fat failure? Yep. But on the bright side, I'm also exhausted and very cranky.
Stefan: It's good to see you anyway. So, do you want to tell me what happened?
Caroline: I just did. I failed. I couldn't kill him, Stefan. Not even to save you.
Stefan: You do realize you're feeling guilty for not being able to kill someone.
Caroline: No, I'm feeling guilty because you're still being held prisoner.
Stefan: Come on, Caroline. They were never going to let me out. I'm too important to them.
Caroline: Well, you're even more important now. Enzo killed Tom.
Stefan: Yet another reason to hate Enzo, I guess.
Caroline: I should've seen it coming. That whole flirty "oh, I'm so charming because I want to distract you" thing. I-I practically invented that. What do we do now?
Stefan: We go to sleep
Caroline: That's heroic.
Stefan: Well, the hero part of my brain needs to recharge for, you know, being tortured all day while you were out flirting with yet another British man.
Caroline: Shut up! Ha ha. That's very funny.
Stefan: We gather our strength and wait for an opportunity to get the hell out of here – together.
Caroline: You knew? That's why you let me go, because you knew the whole time, didn't you?
Stefan: Knew what?
Caroline: That I couldn't do it.
Stefan: Not that you couldn't do it, but wouldn't do it.
Caroline: How?
Stefan: Because that's what makes you you.
HOUSE:
Damon: Something tells me you're not packing for our honeymoon.
Elena: I'm going back to campus.
Damon: You realize that you leaving doesn't solve anything, right? I mean, especially now that Jeremy's free and clear of our horrible influence.
Elena: It's not about Jeremy. It's about us. It's not just that we're bad for each other. It's just that when we're together, we do bad things for each other. And I can't live like that.
Damon: I'll drive you to Whitmore.
Elena: If you do that, then I'm going to spend the whole car ride thinking about your hand next to mine and even though I'll try, I won't be able to stop myself from taking it. Or from letting you kiss me. And we're never going to get to where we need to go, we'll just end up back here, where we started. That's why I need you to let me go.
Elena: No, Damon...
Damon: Shh.
Damon: Travel safe.
WHITMORE:
: Hey Jer, um, I haven't heard back and I have a million questions, so... I miss you, and... I'm confused, that's all. Call me?
CAMP:
Caroline: What the hell is that?
Stefan: Those buckets... They're drinking my blood, and Elena's.
Caroline: Oh my god.
Stefan: This is it. Here, take my hand.
WHITMORE:
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.