Kol: Welcome back. It was our deaths that allowed this day to come to pass – massacres performed in the name of resurrecting the immortal, Silas. Twelve hybrids, twelve witches, the slaughter of innocents by the so-called hero protectors of Mystic Falls. They risked unleashing hell on earth for their own selfish gains. And today that's exactly what they're going to get.
Stefan: Damon! Help me celebrate my 17th high school graduation. 
Damon: Lexi, back from the dead. Goody.
Lexi: What's up, buzzkill?
Damon: 
Stefan: You reap what you sow, buddy.
Lexi: Let's be very clear: whatever time I have left here, I sure as hell don't plan on wasting on you. You got me?
Damon: Yeah. Got ya.
Damon: So if you and Ric and little Gilbert are all flesh-like and real-seeming, that means something went horribly wrong when Bonnie tried to put that veil up. And here you two are, having dance party USA.
Stefan: You're right. How selfish of me to be indulging in these precious moments with my formerly dead best friend. I should be sacrificing my own happiness for the good of others, right? I should be upstairs grooming my hero-hair.
Damon: Are you drunk?
Stefan: I don't know, Mom, am I?
Lexi: Okay.
Damon: Well, I guess that's one way to celebrate our supernatural apocalypse. 
Bonnie: I hit kind of a snag.
Caroline: A snag? A snag is a bad yearbook picture. You hit a tsunami. Where are you?
Bonnie: I'm trying to fix it, but I'm running into some trouble. I need to wait until the full moon tonight to have enough power to put the veil back up.
Caroline: Are you telling me that we might graduate right smack in the middle of a ghost-filled Expression Triangle?
Bonnie: Maybe we should just cancel.
Caroline: No, we are not going to cancel. Graduation is the most important event of our lives, the last ceremony of our youth. It is our rite of freaking passage! Hell will freeze over before I let anyone cancel graduation.
Bonnie: Can you not make jokes about hell freezing over? We're not that far off from that already.
Caroline: Just promise me that today is a friend day.
Bonnie: Okay, I promise. I love you.
Caroline: I love you, too.
Grams: Go. I'll make sure no one finds your body. But Bonnie–
Bonnie: I know. Okay? I know I need to tell them, I just can't. They've been through too much already.
Grams: I know, child. I was just going to say that...Make sure you say your goodbyes.
Alaric: 
Jeremy: Mm.
Elena: No grease on the Other Side, huh?
Alaric: You have no idea how much I've missed this. 
Alaric: No, hey. Hey!
Jeremy: She just got her humanity back. Let her live a little.
Elena: Hey, you wish.
Jeremy: I'm dead – what are they gonna do, throw me in juvie?
Alaric: Well, at least you'd have a place to live.
Elena: You both suck!
Alaric: Hey! Now there it is – that smile. I wasn't sure we were gonna see that again.
Elena: I did some pretty terrible things.
Jeremy: Hey, no. No tears. If Caroline was right, we only have until tonight. We need a no-crying rule.
Elena: But the crying's good. It means that I'm finally feeling something, and right now I...
Elena: It's the Grill – it must be Matt. 
Connor: Hello, Elena. It's your dead friend, Connor. You remember me?
Alexander: A hidden compartment filled with advanced weaponry. Man has evolved from his days of throwing stones.
Rebekah: There is nothing we can do for you Alexander. Please, let us go.
Alexander: I'm not holding you here. Although, I have a feeling that exploding contraption will have a hard time parting with your handsome friend intact.
Matt: Just go, Rebekah. I'll be fine.
Rebekah: I'm not leaving you.
Alexander: The soldier, Connor, found a way to siphon venom from a werewolf.
Rebekah: What do you want from us?
Alexander: To fulfill my destiny. The brotherhood of hunters was created for one reason, and one reason alone.
Damon: Vaughn?
Vaughn: Got a little message for you, laddie. Straight from the mouth of the witch Qetsiyah.
Connor: We want Silas, and we want the cure.
Elena: I don't know where they are, so I guess I can't help you.
Connor: Huh. Well, you know who's gonna need some help? Grandma and Grandpa Jones, in town for the big high school graduation, along with Auntie Sue and Uncle Mark...
Connor: Matter of fact, everybody here at the Mystic Grill for graduation brunch. You either give me what I want, or they die.
Vaughn: Yeah, borrowed it from my jarhead friend, Connor. Shoots wood like lead.
Damon: Come on, man. I didn't kill you.
Vaughn: No, but you left me in that well on that island, where I starved to death. There I was, all alone on the Other Side, till Qetsiyah found me and reminded me of my supernatural destiny – to cure Silas, and then kill Silas. End of story–
Elena: Please, don't hurt anyone. I'll find Silas and I'll get the cure.
Connor: Good. Get it done.
Alaric: So, you get off on terrorizing innocent people?
Connor: And who might you be?
Alaric: The guy responsible for the 18-year-old you just threatened.
Connor: Well, that 18-year-old snapped my neck with her bare hands.
Alaric: And I'm also the guy who showed her how to do that.
Connor: That's ironic. You must not know a damn thing about fighting if you're trying to intimidate a dead guy packing C4.
Alaric: This is my bar, pal. Nobody's gonna blow it up.
Alexander: Go ahead, sweet Rebekah. Use your vampire powers to whisk him away. I'm sure you can survive the blast of six of these...automobiles. Can he?
Matt: Just ignore him. All right? Let's think about something else. Like graduation. What are your plans – college? Travel? Just because I'm never getting out of this town doesn't mean you shouldn't see the world.
Rebekah: It's just been settled. I'm gonna show you life as you've only dreamt it. We'll start in Italy. There's a lovely little church– 
Alexander: 
Rebekah: And then I'll show you the Northern Lights in the springtime, the Simatai Gorge from atop the Great Wall of China, every inch of the Louvre.
Matt: 
Rebekah: We'll see it all when we're done here because we can. We're alive. 
Alexander: All right, you're done now.
Rebekah: I've got you.
Katherine: I don't think red's really your color, Bon-Bon.
Bonnie: And here I was hoping the ghost of anyone would've killed you already.
Katherine: Funny you should mention death, because I'm here to collect that immortality you've promised me.
Bonnie: Funny you still think you're going to get it. I told you, Qetsiyah's the only witch who knows the immortality spell. If she was a no-show, you're out of luck.
Katherine: See, here's the thing, :Bonnie: I can't disagree with you, because I have been feeling out of luck lately. But you know who has been getting all of my luck? My beloved doppelgänger, Elena. My shadow-self is living a better life than I am, so if I don't get that immortality, I may just have to get rid of her altogether.
Bonnie: Did you just threaten my best friend?
Bonnie: I could crush your skull without even flinching.
Katherine: Go ahead. Make your move.
Elena: Hey.
Damon: Hey.
Elena: So, I think there's some stuff you and I need to talk about.
Damon: Yes, we do. But first– 
Elena: Damon, I can't take that.
Damon: Sure you can. Looks like it might be cherry-flavored.
Elena: 
Damon: Elena– 
Elena: I can't.
Damon: Well, I guess that answers the sire bond question. 
Jeremy: Look, Elena. You're my sister and I love you, no matter what you choose.
Damon: How is it even when you're dead, you're the bane of my existence?
Lexi: So, the veil's down until tonight, he dies and goes to the Other Side, and what? Comes back all over again? How long does that take?
Stefan: What, they don't give you a rulebook over there?
Lexi: 
Stefan: What am I supposed to do, tell her it's her choice? Because that worked out so well. You know, it's funny, those two are in there arguing about how to protect the world, and they have yet to address their biggest issue.
Lexi: Enlighten me.
Stefan: The sire bond's gone. Elena's emotions are back. She finally knows exactly how she feels.
Lexi: And what if whatever she feels is for you?
Stefan: She's the love of my life. I'd go back to her in a heartbeat. But, if that's not how she feels, then maybe that's exactly what I need to hear to get my ass out the door. Maybe I will move to Australia. I can live in a yurt.
Lexi: Cheers to that.
Damon: Come on, we don't need the cure for Silas – he's a calcified statue.
Elena: What was that?
Damon: Nothing.
Elena: Take off your shirt.
Damon: Elena, there are children present.
Elena: Fine.
Elena: Damon, why isn't this healed?
Damon: Because the bullet was laced with werewolf venom, okay? The hunters are dicks.
Elena: We need Klaus. We need his blood.
Damon: Klaus would rather see me die. Plus, Klaus is a thousand miles away sipping Hurricanes on Bourbon Street.
Elena: That wound will kill you!
Jeremy: What about the cure?
Elena: Jeremy's right. If you're human, the werewolf venom won't hurt you.
Damon: And here I was, so moved by your speech to save mankind. 
Elena: Damon, wait.
Damon: Here.
Stefan: The hell are you doing?
Damon: Digging up Silas. 
Damon: Here we are.
Vaughn: What is it?
Damon: It's where I dumped Silas. Closed off to hikers, no food for animals, endlessly deep water.
Vaughn: I'm not following you, Damon. Where exactly did you put the body?
Damon: Well, um...well, let me see. So I dragged his stone ass through here, I flung him in that general direction, then he tumbled down into those weeds...I kind of lost him in the rocks. The thing about physics...wait, what is it? It's, ah, distance equals velocity times time? Guess I should've told you to bring some scuba gear, huh?
Alexander: Don't you two look cozy?
Matt: So...he seems nice.
Rebekah: Don't make jokes – I'll laugh and you'll fall.
Matt: I'm wearing the Gilbert ring. I can't be killed by anything supernatural, so maybe if you're the one who detonates the bomb, then I won't die.
Rebekah: Absolutely not. You'll blow into a billion pieces, the ring with it.
Matt: There's only one way to find out.
Rebekah: 
living: do the thing you're most afraid of.
Matt: What are you doing?
Rebekah: I can't be killed and you can't miss graduation. Please, go.
Matt: No.
Rebekah: Run!
Alexander: What have you done?
Rebekah: I finally chose one of the good ones.
Elena: We have to do something. If those hunters give the cure to Silas–
Stefan: They're not giving it to Silas. Wherever Damon is taking Vaughn right now, it's to stall, because Damon hasn't had time to bury Silas' body yet. 
Elena: Okay, fine. We're stalling the hunters, but Damon is still dying.
Stefan: It was one bullet, and it was only laced. We still have a little bit of time. I will go to New Orleans myself and I will beg Klaus if I have to.
Jeremy: Then it's settled. You're going to your graduation.
Elena: Gradua– no, Jer, I never even sent in my college applications.
Jeremy: I don't care. Mom and Dad would kill you if there wasn't a photo of you in your graduation getup.
Elena: Jer, no. Not if you can't be there.
Jeremy: Lexi'll keep me company. You're going.
Elena: Let's go graduate.
Caroline: Klaus, now is not the time to decide that you are over me. I'm gonna call you every ten minutes until you get your ass here to save Damon's life.
Caroline: Where is everyone?
Matt: 
Caroline: Where have you been?
Matt: Oh, you know, making plans for the summer, dodging death by vampire hunter.
Bonnie: Where's Elena? We can't do this without her.
Elena: I'm here. 
Caroline: I can't believe it. We're actually all here. We are all here together! Bonnie Bennett, are you crying?
Bonnie: It's our last hurrah before you guys go off to college.
Caroline: Before we go off to college.
Elena: I...kinda sorta missed the deadline. You know, being an emotionless bitch.
Caroline: Well, the perks of being a vampire – we can go wherever we wanna go. We can choose our own roommates. We could – we could get a triple room!
Bonnie: I'm happy we're all here.
Caroline: Aw – group hug!
Stefan: Ah, I don't – I don't hug...
Caroline: Oh, get over yourself!
Rudy: Welcome parents, family, and friends. What a beautiful day for a graduation. Thank you for joining us today on this special day, as we celebrate our graduates. So let's get started. John Albrecht. David Bance. Sarah Beasley. Um, not to play favorites, but I am especially proud of this next graduate, my lovely daughter: Bonnie Bennett!
Rudy: Congratulations. I'm so proud of you, sweetie.
Bonnie: Thanks, Dad.
Rudy: You're welcome.
Bonnie: For everything.
Rudy: Savannah Davis. Matt Donovan. William Duncan. Caroline Forbes. Congratulations.
Caroline: Thank you.
Rudy: Matt Freeman. Elena Gilbert. Congratulations.
Elena: Thank you.
Kol: Greetings, little witch.
Bonnie: 
Kol: He did, and I spent the night crawling out of a cement grave. 
Kol: And over there, that's my hybrid friend, Adrian. Also dead. In fact, these seats are scattered with two dozen supernatural faces, all of whom have reason to lash out since their lives were sacrificed in order to make your Expression triangle. All they're waiting on is word from me.
Bonnie: The veil goes back up tonight. Don't you have anything better to do than harrass me and my friends?
Kol: 
Bonnie: The Kol I remember was adamantly against hell on earth.
Kol: I was, till I was in hell. Now I would very much like to be back on earth.
Kol: What's this?
Bonnie: It's me. I died last night. I'm a ghost, and I want the same thing you want. I don't want to be on the Other Side with unfinished business. I want my parents to see me off to college, I want to decorate my dorm room with my best friends. I want to stay here, Kol. More than anything.
Kol: Then what are we waiting for? Let's do it together.
Kol: What have you done?
Bonnie: This will hold you till dark. Then, when the veil is back up, this town will be rid of you for good.
Kol: But everything you just said–
Bonnie: It was true. But we don't always get what we want, do we?
Damon: 
Vaughn: The hell happened to you?
Damon: 
Vaughn: Connor...
Damon: Ding-ding-ding. Not as dumb as you sound.
Vaughn: This was all a lie, eh? You knew you were a dead man. 
Vaughn: One more jolt of werewolf toxin, and you'll be dead within minutes. 
Alaric: Oops.
Damon: 
Alaric: You mean this?
Damon: Yes. Yes, that.
Alaric: I would love nothing more than to get out of here before Vaughn comes back to life, but Damon won't take the cure. He wants it for Elena.
Stefan: Okay, just hang on a little longer. Caroline's calling Klaus again.
Alaric: Stefan, we are past the point of Hail Mary phone calls. What do you want me to do, stand here and watch him die, or force-feed him the cure? 
Aja: Remember us, Caroline?
Klaus: There are plenty more of these to go around. Who's next? I can do this all day.
Damon: Hi.
Elena: Are you feeling better?
Damon: Yeah.
Elena: So it's all healed up?
Damon: Fresh as a daisy.
Elena: Good.
Lexi: Ouch!
Alaric: Yeah, I taught her that swing.
Stefan: You know it's not polite to eavesdrop, right?
Lexi: Hey, I'm short on time here. Don't rob me of what little joy I have.
Elena: Anyone seen Jeremy?
Alaric: Oh, he went to see Bonnie. He'll be back later. You know, before...well, you know.
Elena: Yeah. Stefan, can I, um...can I have a moment?
Stefan: Sure.
Lexi: This could get interesting.
Alaric: Usually does.
Lexi: So, the Other Side...Not exactly a party, is it?
Alaric: I've lived...better.
Lexi: You know there's something else out there, right? There has to be. Silas' whole agenda was to find peace with his one true love, and whatever "peace" is...it's out there. I figure once we've served our time for all the bad things we've done, then it's just about letting go, moving on.
Alaric: And how are we supposed to do that when the knuckleheads we care about can't seem to keep their lives straight?
Lexi: Yeah...
Stefan: So, what's up?
Elena: Honestly, Stefan, I just wanted to thank you. For sticking by me when I was at my worst, for believing that I was still in there. Even after everything I put you through, you...you never gave up on me.
Stefan: I, ah...I kind of owed you one.
Elena: Here.
Elena: It's yours. I want you to have it.
Stefan: No, Elena, I'm not gonna–
Elena: Stefan. The only person worse at being a vampire than me is you. Human blood is your downfall. You got the raw end of the vampire deal. The rest of us will be fine, we'll survive. I mean, you taught us. You deserve whatever you want out of life. 
Caroline: How'd you get here so fast?
Klaus: I was already on my way.
Klaus: I received your graduation announcement. It was...very subtle. 
Caroline: That, or a mini fridge.
Klaus: Well, I had considered offering you a first class ticket to join me in New Orleans...but I knew what your answer would be. So, I opted for something I knew you would accept. 
Caroline: What?
Klaus: He's your first love. I intend to be your last, however long it takes. 
Klaus: Let's get out of here, before twelve angry hybrids decide to pick a fight.
Damon: I wanted to apologize...
Elena: Good.
Damon: Let me finish. I said I wanted to. And then I realized, I'm not sorry.
Elena: You would rather die than be human, and you expect me to be okay with that?
Damon: I didn't say you were supposed to be okay with it, I just said I'm not sorry. But you know what I really am? Selfish, because I make bad choices that hurt you. Yes, I would rather have died than be human. I'd rather die right now than spend a handful of years with you, only to lose you when I'm too old and sick and miserable and you're still you. I'd rather die right now than spend my last final years remembering how good I had it and how happy I was, because that's who I am, Elena, and I'm not gonna change. And there's no apology in the world that encompasses all the reasons that I'm wrong for you.
Elena: Fine, then I'm not sorry either. I'm not sorry that I met you. I'm not sorry that knowing you has made me question everything, that in death you're the one that made me feel most alive. You've been a terrible person, you've made all the wrong choices, and of all the choices that I've made this will prove to be the worst one. But I am not sorry that I'm in love with you. I love you, Damon. I love y–
Lexi: Now who's eavesdropping?
Damon: Stefan?
Stefan: Think the quarry will be deep enough to bury Silas?
Damon: Yeah, I don't think anyone's gonna stumble on him there.
Stefan: Yeah.
Damon: You want me to, ah–
Stefan: No, it's all right. I got Lexi coming with me.
Damon: 
Stefan: Hey, Damon.
Damon: Yeah?
Stefan: I'm not happy about Elena...but I'm not not-happy for you, either. I just want you to know that.
Damon: Thanks, brother.
Jeremy: Hey.
Bonnie: Hey.
Jeremy: I needed to see you.
Bonnie: I need to close the veil, Jer. The hybrids, and the hunters–
Jeremy: I get it. I'm ready. I just...wanted to be with you when it happened.
Bonnie: Did you and Elena...?
Jeremy: I can't. I can't say goodbye to her. We said 'no tears' and...I left her a letter. She'll find it when all this is over. I'm ready.
Alaric: Moon's full.
Damon: Yeah.
Alaric: Where's Elena?
Damon: She's trying to find Bonnie and Jeremy. She's worried about the time.
Damon: What?
Alaric: You got the girl, man.
Damon: 
Alaric: Now don't screw it up.
Damon: Well, with you looking over my shoulder, how can I?
Lexi: New York?
Stefan: Too close.
Lexi: Vegas!
Stefan: Ugh, no. Too touristy.
Lexi: Look, I know you think I'm joking, but you are leaving. You just graduated for the millionth time. It's time to start living your life.
Stefan: What if Elena was...the one?
Lexi: She was. And she will always be an epic love. Contrary to popular belief, there are actually multiple ones – especially for a vampire. The only way to find another is to let go, and move on.
Stefan: I've never been to Portland.
Stefan: See ya, Lexi.
Elena: Bonnie, Jer, are you guys here?
Kol: Well, well.
Kol: Speaking of unfinished business.
Katherine: Happy graduation, cupcake.
Bonnie: It's almost closed.
Jeremy: So this is it? 'Cause there were a million things I wanted to say to you, but now nothing seems quite right.
Bonnie: Then don't say anything.
Jeremy: What's happening?
Bonnie: Oh, my god.
Jeremy: What is it?
Bonnie: It worked, Jer. I did a spell that brought you back. I didn't think it would work, but I – I closed the veil and you're still...here.
Jeremy: I'm alive?
Jeremy: I can't feel your hand. What's going on, Bonnie? Why can't I feel you?
Bonnie: It's okay.
Jeremy: Bonnie, what did you do?
Bonnie: I have the witches, and my grams...You can see ghosts, we can talk whenever we want.
Jeremy: No...No! No, you can't be dead.
Bonnie: Do me this one favor: you tell Elena and Caroline that I'm spending the summer with my mom.
Jeremy: I can't. They need to know.
Bonnie: For the first time in forever, my friends are okay. I don't want to take that from them.
Bonnie: I'm gonna be okay, I promise.
Matt: Hey...What are you doing here?
Rebekah: I just wanted to see if you were okay. Rough day and whatnot.
Matt: Thanks. Look, I'd invite you in, but I promised Tyler I was gonna keep this a low-vampire zone.
Rebekah: I know that we were under duress today, so...whatever, you know, plans that we were making...I understand if you don't want to.
Matt: You and I...this isn't gonna work. I need to keep my love life a low-vampire zone, too, okay?
Rebekah: 
Matt: So whatever happens on the road, stays on the road, all right? 
Rebekah: I'm sorry, are you saying...?
Matt: I've never set one foot outside of this town. I have no college plans, no idea what the future holds for me...But I do know that it's time that I start truly living. And, since you almost killed me this year, I figured it's your obligation to show me how.
Rebekah: 
Elena: What are you doing?
Katherine: Would you believe I'm having a bad day?
Katherine: It started when Bonnie denied me my Silas-like immortality.
Elena: Of course, because Katherine Pierce can't be happy with good old vampire-caliber immortality.
Katherine: I deserved it. I never had a graduation, or a prom, or, you know, a life. But you did.
Katherine: You have everything, and it's not because you're a good little girl who deserves happiness, it's because you stole mine.
Elena: I stole your happiness? You killed my brother!
Katherine: I'll admit, that was nasty.
Katherine: I have nothing. 
Elena: Kicking someone while they're down...classy till the end, Katherine.
Katherine: 
Elena: You deserve whatever you want out of life. You deserve this.
Stefan: Listen...I'm glad you're okay with who you are now. But every single thing I did to get this, I did for you, so that the choice of whether you wanted to be a vampire or not would always be yours.
Katherine: Bye-bye, little girl.
Elena: Have a nice human life, Katherine.
Silas: Don't bother. I'm not there.
Stefan: Silas. You were stone. They saw you, the spell worked.
Silas: That's the funny thing about spells – they're bound by Nature. Nature demands balance, so every spell has a loophole. The spell that turned me into stone was bound by a witch – a living witch. So when that witch died, the spell broke.
Stefan: Bonnie? Bonnie's not dead.
Silas: It doesn't matter, does it? And here's where the mystery of me comes full circle. I created the immortality spell two thousand years ago. I can never die, so Nature needed to find a balance – a version of me that could die. A shadow-self – a doppelgänger.
Stefan: So, this is finally your real face? You're another one of them?
Silas: Not exactly.
Silas: Hello, my shadow-self.
Silas: Do you have any idea what it's like to starve for two thousand years?
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.