



The End of The Affair







Information


season
number




3
3






Navigation


previous
next




The Hybrid
Disturbing Behavior





Contents

Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: You're interrupting my drink.

Katherine: You miss me?

Damon: Katherine. Where are you?

Katherine: Lurking outside your window, pining away.

Damon: What do you want?

Katherine: I'm homesick. What have I missed?

Damon: Well, Stefan's still Klaus' little prisoner and Elena still thinks she can save him and no one's thought about you since you left.

Katherine: And what about you? I'm sure now that you've given up on your brother, you're plotting some sort of way of moving in on his girlfriend.

Damon: I didn't give up on him. I just don't know where he is.

Katherine: Hmm.

Damon: But you do. Are you trailing them?

Katherine: A hybrid who wants me dead and his sidekick who's off the rails? I couldn't be further away.

Damon: Which means you know exactly where they are.

Katherine: All I know is that Klaus pitched a fit once his hybrids didn't work. Now he's looking for some answers.

Damon: How do you know that?

Katherine: Spend 500 years running, and there will be a few people along the way that are looking out for you.

Damon: Is that what you're doing? Looking out for my brother?

Katherine: Maybe, maybe not. I'm conflicted.

Damon: Where are they?

Chicago




Klaus: Welcome back to Chicago, Stefan.

Stefan: What are we doing here?

Klaus: I know how much you loved it here. Bringing back memories of the good old ripper days?

Stefan: Blacked out most of them. A lot of blood, a lot of partying. The details are all a blur.

Klaus: Well, that is a crying shame. The details are what make it legend.

Chicago Circa 1920

Klaus: Word was the ripper of Monterrey got lonely, so he escaped to the city for comfort. It was Prohibition. Everything was off limits then, which made everything so much fun.






Gloria: Guess who my eyes have just spied, ladies? Looking for a good time, Mr. Salvatore?

Stefan: Save me a dance, Gloria.




Stefan: Ooh. Please, help yourself.

Rebekah: Oh, I always do.




Rebekah: Careful, Mr. Salvatore. You're still wearing your date. She's lovely.




Stefan: No, no, no. Who are you?




Chicago

Klaus: Chicago was magical.

Stefan: Yeah, well, I'll take your word for it. Like I said, I don't remember most of it.

Klaus: Going to get down to business, then?

Stefan: Why am I still with you? We had our fun, your hybrids failed. I mean, don't you want to move on?

Klaus: We're going to see my favorite witch. If anyone can help us with our hybrid problem, it's her.




Gilbert Residence




Damon: Rise and shine, sleepy head.




Elena: Aah! What are you doing?! Get out!

Damon: You know you were dreaming about me. Explains the drool.

Elena: Ugh. Oh, my God.




Elena: Six a.m. Seriously? Do you really have nothing better to do at six a.m.?

Damon: Fine, don't come with me to bring Stefan home. See ya.




Elena: Wait. Wait, wait, wait. What? What are you talking about? Where is he?

Damon: Windy city.

Elena: He's in Chicago? Well, how do you know?

Damon: It came to me in a dream. I was naked. You would have loved it. Start packing.

Elena: Is he okay?

Damon: Well, let's just say he's not there to meet Oprah.




Damon: Ooh. Put these in the "yes" pile.




Cellar




Caroline: Daddy, are you there? Why won't you talk to me? Dad!




Bill: Shhh. I'm so sorry this happened to you.

Caroline: Dad...

Bill: I need an answer. How do you walk in the sunlight?

Caroline: Just let me go.

Bill: Sweetheart, please, just answer me. Then we'll get on with it.

Caroline: Is that all you want to know?

Bill: That's all I want to know.




Bill: Interesting.




Caroline: No, dad, no! What are you...




Caroline: What are you doing? What are you doing?

Bill: Your ancestors built this place. People figured it was for unruly prisoners at the jailhouse, but...They had something else in mind. Vervain in the ventilation system to keep their subject weak. Reinforced steel containment chair. And that.




Caroline: What are you doing?




Bill: Blood controls you, sweetheart. This is how I'm going to fix you.

Caroline: What?




Damon's Car




Damon: I sure hope we find him, 'cause it would suck if the last memento of Stefan was that crappy old necklace.




Elena: It's an antique, Damon. Like you.




Damon: Read this. Paints a pretty little picture of Stefan's first experience in Chicago.

Elena: It's Stefan's diary. I'm not going to invade his private thoughts.

Damon: You need to be prepared for what you're about to see.

Elena: I've seen Stefan in his darkest periods. I can handle it.




Damon: Here's one. March 12, 1922.




Damon: "I've blacked out days. I wake up in strangers' blood. In places I don't recognize. With women I don't remember."




Damon: Ahh! I'm shocked! Stefan's not a virgin?




Elena: Eyes on the road, grandma.

Damon: Fine. Back to my game. Tell me if you see a Florida plate.




Chicago Circa 1920




Rebekah: Sorry to crash the fun, boys, but some of us actually came here to hear the music. Not you.

Stefan: I am so sorry, sweetheart. Are we offending you?




Rebekah: It would take a lot more than a baby face like this to offend me.




Stefan: Ahem. Hey, hey. You ever going to tell me your name?

Rebekah: Sure. When you earn it. Now do Gloria a favor and stick a sock in it.




Gloria's Bar




Klaus: Looks familiar, doesn't it?

Stefan: I can't believe this place is still here.

Gloria: You got to be kidding me.




Klaus: So a hybrid walks into a bar, says to the bartender...

Gloria: Stop. You may be invincible, but that doesn't make you funny.




Gloria: I remember you.

Stefan: Yeah. You're Gloria. Shouldn't you be...

Gloria: Old and dead? Now if I die, who's going to run this place, huh?

Klaus: Gloria's a very powerful witch.

Gloria: I can slow the aging down some. Herbs and spells. But don't worry, it'll catch up to me one day.

Klaus: Stefan, why don't you go and fix us up a little something from behind the bar?

Stefan: Yeah, sure thing.




Klaus: You look ravishing, by the way.

Gloria: Don't. I know why you're here. A hybrid out to make more hybrids? That kind of news travels.

Klaus: So what am I doing wrong? I broke the curse.




Gloria: Obviously you did something wrong. Look, every spell has a loophole, but a curse that old...We'd have to contact the witch who created it.

Klaus: Well, that would be the original witch. She's very dead.

Gloria: I know. And for me to contact her, I'll need help. Bring me Rebekah.




Klaus: Rebekah. Rebekah is a bit preoccupied.

Gloria: She has what I need. Bring her to me.




Stefan: What is this?

Klaus: Well, I told you, Stefan. Chicago's a magical place.

Stefan: But this is me. With you.




Forbes Residence




Sheriff Forbes: Caroline! It's mom. Just coming up for air after a few all-nighters at the station. I thought we'd have lunch and you could remind me I promised not to work so hard.




Cellar




Caroline: No! Please! Stop! Please stop! Please!




Caroline: I don't hurt anyone, I swear. Dad, I swear. I can handle the urges. I can!

Bill: If you could handle it, this wouldn't happen.




Caroline: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

Bill: I'm conditioning you to associate vampirism with pain, in time, the thought of human blood will make you repress your vampire instincts completely.

Caroline: That's impossible. Daddy, you can't change who I am.

Bill: Yes, I can.

Caroline: No.

Bill: You remember this feeling?

Caroline: No! No! No! No, no!




Apartment In Chicago




Elena: Stefan could live anywhere in Chicago and he chose this?

Damon: There used to be an all-girls high school around the corner, but it shut down for attendance issues. Weird.

Elena: If you're trying to scare me into giving up and going back, it's not going to work.




Damon: Shh.




Damon: Here we are. Stefan's second personality home.




Elena: He obviously hasn't been here.

Damon: Tour is not over yet.




Elena: Stefan hid his alcohol. What a monster.

Damon: Look harder.




Elena: It's a list of names.

Damon: Mm-hmm.

Elena: These are all of his victims?




Damon: Still handling it?




Elena: What were you doing in the 1920s? Paving the way for women's liberation?

Damon: I was around. Chicago's a big city. Stefan was a cocky ripper douche. But I could avoid him and still indulge in a few Daisy Buchanans of my own.




Elena: Where are you going?

Damon: His old stomping ground.

Elena: I'm coming with you.

Damon: No. You stay here and whip up an actual plan. I'll come back when I find him.




Chicago




Stefan: This doesn't make any sense. Why don't I remember you?

Klaus: You said it yourself: that time had a lot of dark holes.

Stefan: No, if you knew me, then why haven't you said anything?

Klaus: I'm a little busy right now. Memory Lane will have to wait.

Stefan: What the hell is going on? Answer me.

Klaus: Let's just say we didn't get off to a brilliant start. To be honest, I hated you.

Chicago Circa 1920




Stefan: It's beautiful.

Rebekah: A witch gave it to me. Supposedly it's magical.

Stefan: And is it?

Rebekah: It brought me love, didn't it?




Klaus: It's late, Rebekah, we're leaving.




Rebekah: Get off of me!




Stefan: Who is this guy?

Rebekah: Stefan, don't. He'll kill you. He's a lot stronger than he looks.




Klaus: So this is the famous Stefan Salvatore. I've been hearing so much about. You're right, he does have funny hair. I'm bored. I want to go.

Rebekah: Then go without me, I'm not your girlfriend.

Klaus: No, you're my sister, which means...You have to do as I say.




Chicago

Stefan: Your sister. So I knew another Original vampire.

Klaus: If you can't handle it, then don't ask.




Stefan: I don't recognize her.

Klaus: Well, don't tell her that. Rebekah's temper is worse than mine.




Klaus: Time to wake up, little sister. Any day now, Rebekah.




Klaus: She's being dramatic.

Stefan: Look, why don't you just tell me what the hell is going on? I mean, you obviously want me here for a reason, right?

Klaus: Well, you have many useful talents.

Stefan: Do I?

Klaus: In fact, I learned some of my favorite tricks from you.

Chicago Circa 1920




Klaus: So Stefan, enlighten me. What makes you worthy of an Original like my sister? She's pure vampire and you're no more than a diluted bloodline.

Rebekah: Don't listen to him, Stefan. Nik's an elitist.

Stefan: Hmm. And where's the rest of your family?

Klaus: Well, let's see. Um...I killed most of them.

Rebekah: But not all.

Stefan: And you're okay with that?

Rebekah: Well, we all had the chance to choose a side. I chose the right one, eventually.




Man: Where the hell's my wife?

Stefan: I don't know. I give up.

Man: You think you're so tough? Hiding in your bar, drinking your liquor? A telephone call to Chicago P.D. might set you straight.

Klaus: Ooh!




Stefan: Lila? Lila, please. Come here for a second.

Man: Oh, thank God. Come on, we're leaving.




Stefan: Oh, no, no, no, no. No. You're sitting.




Rebekah: Stefan, don't be mean.

Man: What the hell are you doing?




Stefan: Thank you so much, Lila. Why don't you go and bandage that up?




Stefan: I'd like you to join me for a drink.




Man: What kind of sick freaks are you?

Stefan: I said, drink!




Stefan: I didn't catch your name.

Man: Go to hell.




Stefan: Do you want another sip?

Man: Liam. Liam Grant.

Stefan: Liam Grant! Have another sip, Liam.




Stefan: Finish it.




Chicago




Klaus: I was your number one fan.

Stefan: Why should I believe any of this?




Klaus: When she wakes up, tell her to meet us at Gloria's Bar. Then volunteer your carotid artery and let her feed until you die.




Stefan: Where are you going?

Klaus: You think I'm lying, Stefan. You and I knew each other. You trusted me with one of your secrets and now I'm going to prove it to you.

Stefan: How?

Klaus: We're going to your old apartment.

Gloria's Bar




Gloria: Well, look what the wind blew in. Last I heard, you hated this place.

Damon: Gloria. Damn! If I knew you were going to age like this, I would have stuck around.

Gloria: I always did like you better. But I see your brother is still running in the wrong crowd.

Damon: You've seen him?

Gloria: With Klaus. Bad combo.

Damon: You know where they went?

Gloria: They'll be back here later tonight. They're out running a little errand for me.

Damon: Gloria...




Damon: Don't be a tease. What kind of errand?




Gloria: I don't think so. You may be cute, but you're still a vampire.

Stefan's Old Apartment




Stefan: April, 1922. Lexi found me last night. Dragged me off the train tracks. Thinks she can make me care again.




Stefan: June, 1924. Lexi's driving me crazy. More animal blood, more misery.




Stefan: 1935. Cravings are there, but it's easier. Lexi's on to her next project: getting me to laugh.




Klaus: What a charming little homestead. Do you feel that? Is anybody here?




Stefan: It's been vacant for decades. People must break in all the time. Why'd you bring me here?

Klaus: Your friend, Liam Grant, the one who drank his wife's blood...I never could figure out why you wanted his name. And then you told me your little secret. It was all part of your special little ritual.




Stefan: To write it down.

Klaus: And relive the kill...over and over again.




Klaus: You believe me now?




Stefan: Look what I found.




Stefan: 1918. Single malt.




Klaus: My favorite. Let's go and find someone to pair it with.






Elena: Finally! I called you an hour ago!




Damon: Make yourself presentable. I know where Stefan's going to be tonight.




Elena: I told you that I was practically discovered by Klaus and you're worried about what I'm wearing?

Damon: I had an hour to realize what a bad idea it was to leave you here alone, process it, and move on. Are you okay?

Elena: Yeah.

Damon: Okay, good. Get dressed. You're all road-trippy and gross.

Elena: So you know where he's going to be?

Damon: Yes, with Klaus. So I'll distract Klaus and you deal with Stefan.

Elena: Okay. Thank you.

Damon: But you're going to have about five minutes tops before that hybrid freak rips my heart out. So please, tell me you can do this.

Elena: I can do this.

Gloria's Bar




Gloria: Where's Rebekah?

Klaus: She'll be here. I can't just conjure her on demand.




Klaus: What's with you? I thought Chicago was your playground.

Stefan: So this is why you asked me to be your wingman? Because you liked the way that I tortured innocent people?

Klaus: Well, that's certainly half of it.

Stefan: What's the other half?




Klaus: The other half, Stefan, is that you used to want to be my wingman.




Chicago Circa 1920




Stefan: They're jealous. Your family wants you dead because they can never be what you are.

Klaus: What? An abomination?

Stefan: No. A king.




Klaus: Look at us. Two sad orphans.




Klaus: My sister fancies you, you know.

Stefan: Mmm!

Klaus: But...I should warn you, Rebekah doesn't do anything half-speed, and that includes falling in love. So just be careful. She's totally mad.




Stefan: I appreciate the advice.

Klaus: And when the point comes where she inevitably leaves you...She can't help it, it's just who she is. Don't let your heart do anything stupid.

Stefan: You know what, you're a good friend, Nik. I'm glad I met you.




Gloria's Bar




Klaus: To friendship.




Cellar




Bill: I want you to know, when Carol Lockwood called and told me about you...I sat down and cried.

Caroline: Dad, I'm okay. I've learned to adapt. I don't need to be fixed. I can't be fixed.




Bill: I've always taught you to try your best. I need you to try your best now.




Bill: There, see? You're doing it.




Caroline: I can't.

Bill: Yes, you can. Fight the urge.

Caroline: Daddy, I'm starving.

Bill: I know you are, Care. Try.

Caroline: Why? You know that this isn't going to work.

Bill: It has to work. It's the only option.

Caroline: Why are you trying to fix me?

Bill: So I don't have to kill you!




Caroline: Daddy, I'm sorry.




Bill: The sun's gone down. We'll try again tomorrow.




Sheriff Forbes: Hello Bill.

Bill: Put the gun down, Liz. I know what I'm doing.

Sheriff Forbes: That's our daughter in there. She looks up to you. She loves you.




Bill: Then she'll trust me to do the right thing. Let me do this, Liz. Not because she's a monster. But because we love her.

Sheriff Forbes: Tyler.




Bill: You're not going in there.




Sheriff Forbes: Go ahead.




Caroline: Tyler.




Tyler: It's okay. We're going to get you out of here.

Caroline: My ring.




Gloria's Bar

Stefan: So I'm confused. If we were such great friends, then why do I only know you as the hybrid dick who sacrificed my girlfriend on an altar of fire? Huh?

Klaus: All good things must come to an end.

Chicago Circa 1920




Stefan: They're using wooden bullets. They know.

Rebekah: That means he's here.

Stefan: Who? Who's here?




Klaus: Rebekah! Come on, we've got to go, sweetheart.




Stefan: What the hell is going on?

Rebekah: Stefan!

Klaus: Go!




Klaus: Stefan. I'm sorry, but the fun has to end here.

Stefan: What are you talking about?




Klaus: You must forget Rebekah and me. Until I say otherwise, you never knew us, Stefan. Thank you. I had forgotten what it was like to have a brother.




Gloria's Bar

Stefan: You compelled me to forget?

Klaus: It was time for Rebekah and I to move on. Better to have a clean slate.




Stefan: But why? You shouldn't have to cover your tracks...unless you're running from someone.

Klaus: Storytime's over.




Stefan: I need another drink. A real one.




Stefan: What is wrong with you?!

Damon: What is wrong with you? You kill Andie one day, you save my life the next. What are you good, bad? Pick one!

Stefan: Klaus almost saw Elena today. You have to get her out of Chicago.

Damon: She's not going anywhere until she's got you checked into vampire rehab and on the mend. Trust me. I've tried.

Stefan: She is the key to everything. Klaus can't know that she's alive.

Damon: What are you talking about?

Stefan: She was supposed to die in the sacrifice and she didn't. Now Klaus can't create any new hybrids. His witch is seconds away from figuring that out. Tell Elena to go home and forget about me.




Damon: Tell her yourself.






Gloria: Last call. Drink 'em up!

Klaus: I see they've opened the doors to the riff-raff now.

Damon: Oh, honey, I've been called worse.

Klaus: You don't give up, do you?

Damon: Give me my brother back...You'll never have to see me again.

Klaus: Well, I am torn. You see, I promised Stefan I wouldn't let you die, but how many freebies did I really sign up for? And clearly you want to die, otherwise you wouldn't be here, so...

Damon: What can I say? I'm a thrill-seeker.






Stefan: You shouldn't be here.

Elena: Where else would I be?

Stefan: What do you want? Damon won't be able to distract Klaus for long.




Elena: Come home.




Stefan: How much clearer can I make it?




Stefan: I don't want to come home!




Klaus: Oh, dear, what was that? I'm boozey, so you'll forgive me if I miss your heart the first few tries.




Klaus: Ohh! No, that's not it. Hmm.




Klaus: Ohh. Almost.




Damon: You want a partner in crime? Forget Stefan. I'm so much more fun.




Klaus: You won't be any fun after you're dead.




Klaus: Really?

Gloria: Not in my bar. You take it outside.




Klaus: You don't have to negotiate your brother's freedom. When I'm done with him, he won't want to go back.






Stefan: Klaus is obsessed with siring these hybrids. The second he knows you're alive, he'll figure out why it's not working.

Elena: Look, I know you're trying to protect me, but I can't let you do it. Come with me, Stefan, please.

Stefan: And what do you expect if I do? Huh? It's never going to be the same, Elena.

Elena: I know that.

Stefan: I don't think you do. I've left bodies scattered from Florida to Tennessee. Innocent people. Humans.

Elena: Lexi found you like this before. In the twenties, and...and she saved you.

Stefan: And you know what I did after that? I spent thirty years trying to pull myself together. To a vampire, that's nothing. To you? That's half your life.

Elena: I can't give up on you, Stefan.

Stefan: Yes, you can. It's done. That part of my life is done. I don't want to see you. I don't want to be with you. I just want you to go.




Damon's Car




Damon: You okay?

Elena: Just drive.

Forbes Residence




Caroline: Thank you.




Sheriff Forbes: Honey, your dad...all our families, we have beliefs that have been passed on through generations. And we were taught never to stray from them.

Caroline: You did.

Sheriff Forbes: You taught me to look at things in a different way.

Caroline: I just thought that he was the one who got me.

Sheriff Forbes: He did. He will again.




Caroline: Hey, mom? Thanks for believing in me.




Tyler: Would now be a bad time to give you crap about sneaking out on me?




Caroline: He hates me. My dad hates me.




Chicago




Klaus: Rebekah...It's your big brother. Come out, come out, wherever you are.




Rebekah: Go to hell, Nik!

Chicago Circa 1920




Klaus: Hurry up, Rebekah. Let's go!




Rebekah: He'll be here any second.

Klaus: Do you want to die? We've been found. We need to move.

Rebekah: Not without Stefan.

Klaus: Stefan's not coming. We have to disappear. He'll draw too much attention. Let him go.

Rebekah: What did you do?




Klaus: Come on. We don't have time for one of your tantrums.




Rebekah: I don't want to run anymore, Nik! All we do is run. I want to be with Stefan.

Klaus: Fine. Then choose. Him or me.




Klaus: That's what I thought. Get in the truck. Let's go.




Rebekah: Good-bye, Nik.




Chicago




Klaus: Don't pout. You knew it wouldn't kill me.

Rebekah: Yeah, but I was hoping it would hurt more.

Klaus: I understand that you're upset with me, Rebekah...So I'm going to let that go. Just this once. Brought you a little peace offering. You can come in.




Rebekah: Stefan...




Klaus: Now you remember.




Stefan: Rebekah.




Klaus: Stefan.




Chicago Circa 1920




Stefan: Hey, buddy, take a picture of my brother and me.




Chicago




Stefan: I remember you. We were friends.

Klaus: We are friends.




Klaus: And now the reason you're here. Gloria tells me you know how to contact the original witch.

Rebekah: The original witch?

Klaus: What do you have that Gloria needs?




Rebekah: Where's my necklace? What did you do with it? I never take it off!




Klaus: I don't know. I didn't touch it.

Rebekah: We need to find it, Nik. Now, I want it back!

Klaus: Tell me that's not what she needs, Rebekah!




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Okay. You were right. He was there.

Katherine: I'm always right. Let me guess...it ended in tears and heartbreak?

Damon: Where are you?

Katherine: Why? Do you want to come rub sunscreen on my back?

Damon: I'm thinking Europe. Italy, maybe. Or Spain. You were always a sucker for those lazy afternoons.

Katherine: Keep guessing, Damon. Bye-bye.




Chicago Circa 1920




Mikael: Hey kid. Chicago P.D.

Stefan: I'm not afraid of you.

Mikael: Oh, I'm not here for you. Have you seen these two?




Stefan: I've never seen those people before in my life.

Mikael: Wrap it up, boys. We're through here.




Chicago




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
