


The Turning Point







Information


season
number




1
10






Navigation


previous
next




History Repeating
Bloodlines





Contents

Gilbert Residence




Jenna: Why are you here, Logan?

Logan: I missed you. I was out of town. I...

Jenna: Yeah, I got that email.

Logan: 
 You got an email?

Jenna: You didn’t send an email?

Logan: I can explain. Just invite me in and I'll tell you everything.

Jenna: I’m not gonna invite you in. Forget it.

Logan: Come on, Jenna. It’s me.

Jenna: The answer's no.

Logan: I know you. You’re always one step from a "maybe", a tiny nudge to "yes".

Jenna: 
 You just pointed out that I have no self-control. Clever strategy!




Logan: Evening.




Daphne: 
 Hey, you’re that guy from the news, Logan Fell. I watch you every night. Well, I used to, I mean, you’ve been missing from my TV.

Logan: I took some time off.

Daphne: I noticed. I’m Daphne.




Logan: Hey you know something, Daphne?

Daphne: No, what?








Jeremy: "I live in fear. It consumes me. In the early evening when I see the sun begin to fade, the fear comes, because I know that the night brings death."




Elena: Jeremy's got his sketch pad out.

Jenna: You’re kidding?

Elena: Nope. But don’t say a word. The minute we encourage him, he’ll put it away.

Jenna: Psychology major. Check that!




Jenna: You and Stefan? Update?

Elena: 
 He knows how I feel and where I stand and I know where he stands but it doesn’t matter. He’s leaving, moving away.

Jenna: Where is he going?

Elena: I've stopped asking questions. The answers get scary.




Jenna: Yours leaves, mine returns.

Elena: Logan?

Jenna: He’s back. 
  I didn’t let him pass the front door.

Elena: I hope you slammed it in his face.

Jenna: Ah, medium slam.

Elena: Three strike rule, Jenna. You're not even aloud to watch the news.

Jenna: Exactly. No more Logan "Scum" Fell.

Salvatore Boarding House




Stefan: So any idea of where you'll go?

Damon: I don’t know. London, maybe. See some friends.

Stefan: You don’t have any friends, Damon.

Damon: You’re right, Stefan. I only have you. 
 So, where are we goin'?

Stefan: We are not going anywhere. I’m gonna live my life as far away from you as possible.

Damon: 
 But we’re a team! We could travel the world together. We could try out for "The Amazing Race".

Stefan: Mmmm, that's funny. Seriously, where are you going? Because we are not staying in this town.




Sheriff Forbes: I’m here to see Damon.

Stefan: Uh, sure. Ok.




Damon: Sheriff. What a surprise.

Sheriff Forbes: Sorry to bother you, but we need to talk.

Damon: Come in.




Damon: Um, I hope you understand the secrecy. Stefan doesn’t know about this yet and I’d like to keep it that way.

Sheriff Forbes: Of course, kids are too young to be brought into this.

Damon: So, what do you need?

Sheriff Forbes: There’s been another attack. A female victim, her throat torn out, completely drained of blood. It fits the pattern.

Damon: I’m sorry. I don’t understand. I thought we solved that problem when I 
...staked the blond one.

Sheriff Forbes: I'm thinking she must have turned someone. Or multiple someones. I don’t know.




Sheriff Forbes: The story for the town is another animal attack but I’m not sure how long we can keep lying to them. The council is in an uproar. We thought we were past this.

Damon: So, uh, what do we do?

Sheriff Forbes: You’re the only one who's ever taken on a vampire. We were hoping you could tell us.

Mystic Falls High School




Matt: And then the ballet dancer and the Krumper did the salsa.

Caroline: Well, I was awake for that part.

Matt: Well, I don’t know when you fell asleep. Umm, did you see the Celine Dion waltz about cancer?

Caroline: Those always make me cry!

Matt: Yeah, and then the loud judge kept screaming and I couldn't take it, so I turned it off.




Caroline: I sat through Family Guy. 
 So, you owe me.




Elena: Did I miss something?

Bonnie: They’ve been hanging out.

Elena: Kind of weird, don’t you think?




Bonnie: She needs someone nice like him, as opposed to a homicidal vampire like Damon.

Elena: Yeah, how are you doing with all that?

Bonnie: I’m freaked out. Damon attacked me. I could be dead right now. But I'm also grateful.

Elena: Hmm?

Bonnie: To Stefan. He saved my life and...Have you seen him?




Elena: 
 Not since he told me he was leaving. For all I know, he’s already gone.

Bonnie: He wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye.

Elena: 
 Yes, he would. He thinks he’s protecting me. Clean break and all that.

Bonnie: So, what are you gonna do?

Elena: What am I supposed to do? I’ve already begged him not to go. If I ask again, I’m being selfish. It is what it is.




Bonnie: Maybe it’s for the best.




Elena: What? Why?

Bonnie: I mean, what kind of future could you have had with him, even if he stayed?




Elena: Did you just...?

Bonnie: No, I swear.




Elena: Oh, God.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Thank you for stopping by.

Sheriff Forbes: Let me know what you come up with.




Damon: Absolutely.




Stefan: What is wrong with you? You killed somebody?

Damon: Get off of me. 
 A...don't touch me. B...if I had, I wouldn't have been so obvious about it. 
  C...There's another vampire in town.

Stefan: That’s impossible.

Damon: Obviously not.




Stefan: Then, who could it be?

Damon: Ah, what do we care? We’re leaving anyway, right?

Stefan: No, I can’t leave now and you know that. 
 How are we supposed to find this person?

Damon: Let the adults handle this, Stefan.




Mystic Falls High School




Elena: See you later, ok?

Girl: Bye.

Elena: Bye.




Stefan: Hi. 
 We need to talk.






Tyler: So, what’s up with you and Forbes?

Matt: Nothing's up.

Tyler: I saw you two in the hall today. Don’t even try to deny it, bro. You're tapping that.

Matt: No, it’s not like that.

Tyler: Never is. Until you become "we" people.




Matt: "We" people?

Tyler: Yeah, "we can't make it to the party"; "we'll never miss a game"; "we don’t like the color red"

Matt: We hung out, like, twice.




Tyler: Like I said, "we."




Elena: So, you have no idea who it could be?

Stefan: None. But it must be somebody new because leaving a body like that, they're either sloppy or they're trying to send a message.

Elena: And you're sure it’s not Damon?

Stefan: Well, I’m never sure about Damon, but he’s been trying to keep a low profile lately, so it’s just doesn’t make any sense to me.

Elena: So what are you gonna do?

Stefan: Damon is tracking them right now. 
 Look, I promised you the truth so I wanted to tell you. I want you to be careful.




Elena: When I saw you, I...thought you were coming to say goodbye.

Stefan: Not yet.

Gilbert Residence




Jeremy: Hey, what do you think?

Jenna: 
 Creepy.

Jeremy: I found this old journal in dad’s stuff, Johnathan Gilbert from the 1800s. He's kind of a freak show. 
 He wrote about demons and all of these people getting slaughter and...

Jenna: Yeah, he was a writer...short stories, horror stuff.

Jeremy: Oh, he wrote fiction? Figured he was just a lunatic or a drunk.




Jenna: Well, he was a Gilbert, probably a little bit of both.




Warehouse




Caroline: So what do I do now?

Damon: Just wait. I’ll be there in minute.

Caroline: Can you hurry? I have things to do.




Damon: You can give me that.




Caroline: So, why did you need me to do this?

Damon: Because I interfere with the signal.

Caroline: Can I go now? This has blown, like, half of my day.

Damon: You do that. 
 Get in your car. Go home. Forget I asked you to do this.

Caroline: 
 Ok. Bye now.

Damon: Bye.




Logan: I have tons of these wood bullets, so nothing funky.




Damon: You don’t wanna do this, trust me.




Logan: That’s what you get.

Damon: For what?

Logan: 
 You made me like this.

Damon: I killed you. I didn’t turn you.




Logan: See I know what you and your brother are. I’ve been watching the two of you. I knew you'd show up here and I'm glad you did, because I have some questions.

Damon: 
 Me first. Who turned you?

Logan: 
 How should I know? Last thing I remember is, I'm about to stake your brother and then you grabbed me. That’s it! Until I wake up in the ground behind a used car dealership on highway 4. Somebody buried me.

Damon: It happens. 
 Ow.

Logan: You bit me.

Damon: 
 Damn it.

Logan: It had to be you.

Damon: You have to have vampire blood in your system when you die. I didn’t do that. Some other vampire found you, gave you their blood.




Logan: Who?

Damon: That’s what I wanna know.

Logan: Dude, it’s not like the welcome wagon was waiting with a bundt cake and a handbook. It’s been a learn as you go process. You know, one minute, I’m a small town on the rise news guy and next thing I know, I can’t get into my house, because my foot won’t go through the door.

Damon: 
 You have to be invited in.

Logan: I know. I live alone.

Damon: Ah, 
 that sucks.

Logan: So now, I am at the Ramada, watching pay per view all day, eating everything in sight, including housekeeping.

Damon: It could be worse.

Logan: All I can think about is blood and killing people. I can’t stop killing people. I keep killing 
 and I like it. I’m conflicted.

Damon: Welcome to the club.




Damon: Wait a minute. Cops only found one body.

Logan: I left one. I was tired. But I’ve been hiding the rest of bodies. They're right back there.




Damon: You're kidding.

Logan: They're just piling up!

Mystic Falls High School




Mayor Lockwood: So what do we know?

Sheriff Forbes: Nothing new to report yet. 
 My highly reliable deputies are all on alert, but if you feel the need to be more proactive, by all means, grab a stake and have at it.

Mayor Lockwood: 
 What extra precautions can we take?

Sheriff Forbes: For right now, there is nowhere safer than a crowded public place, and for once, Mayor, we actually know where our kids are.




Tyler: What do you want?

Jeremy: Hey. Uh, I’m just surprised to see you here. 
 Art usually implies culture and culture implies, well, not you.

Tyler: Go to hell.






Elena: Still wanna be an astronaut?

Matt: I can’t believe you remember that.

Elena: I can remember the tinfoil that you wore on your head.

Matt: I was eight.

Elena: How are you doing?

Matt: I've had it easier. You? I heard some things. 
 So it’s true that you and Stefan...

Elena: Yeah, it is.




Elena: What about you, Matt Donovan? I heard about Caroline.

Matt: Aw, man, not you too.

Elena: Hey.

Matt: We’re friends. 
 It’s not a big deal.

Elena: No?

Matt: No.




Warehouse

Logan: Why am I so overly emotional? All I can think about is my ex-girlfriend. I wanna be with her and bite her and stuff.

Damon: Well, you probably love her. Anything you felt before will be magnified now. You're gonna have to learn how to control that.

Logan: What about walking in the sun? I’m a morning person. You can walk in the sun which, by the way, is pretty cool. 
 The council will never suspect you. That’s not in the journals.

Damon: The journals?

Logan: Yeah, the founding fathers, they passed down journals to their kids. Come on man, you gotta tell me. How can you walk around in the sun?

Damon: Who turned you?

Logan: How do you walk in the sun?

Damon: Who turned you?

Logan: You know, I’ve been really nice so far but I will kill you.




Damon: Then you'll never know. 
 You're not answering my question.

Logan: You first!

Damon: It seems we're at a bit of an impasse then, doesn’t it?

Logan: I have things to do, people to kill. Guess I'll be needing a little head start.




Mystic Falls High School




Elena: I’m guessing you’re not here to plan the path for your future. 
 You’re looking out for me.

Stefan: Hope that’s ok.




Stefan: You know I wanted to be a doctor before everything happened, but, uh, then I couldn’t, 'cause...

Elena: The blood.

Stefan: Yeah. I’ve dabbled in a bunch of different things, though.

Elena: Didn’t love anything enough to stick to it?




Stefan: No, I...I loved it all. I just...I had to move on before anybody could notice that I wasn’t getting any older.

Elena: How long before that would happen?

Stefan: Few years, usually. Sometimes shorter.

Elena: 
 And you always left?

Stefan: I didn't have a choice.




Stefan: 
 So, what about...what about you? What are your, uh, plans for the future?

Elena: 
 I don’t wanna talk about my future, Stefan. Because everything you’re saying is making it perfectly clear that you’re not gonna be in.

Stefan: Elena, it’s not that I don’t wanna be in it.

Elena: You can’t, I get it. I heard you the first time and the second time, and I appreciate you looking out for me but, please, if you’re gonna leave, then just go.




Jenna: Hide me.

Elena: What’s going on?

Jenna: The scum Fell has landed.

Elena: Logan’s here.

Stefan: 
 Wait, Logan Fell?




Elena: Stefan, what’s going on?




Logan: Jenna, are you dodging me?

Jenna: It’s a form of self-preservation.

Stefan: Um, Elena, why don't you and Jenna go somewhere else?




Elena: Let’s go.




Stefan: What are you doing here?

Logan: You know, your brother asked me the same thing. In fact, why don’t we just skip past all that who turned me stuff and get the answer that I want? How can I turn into a day walker?

Stefan: Damon and I are the only two that I know of.

Logan: But you're both very cagey on the how, which tells me that there is a way. You know, in case you hadn't noticed, I’m quite the celebrity in this town. It would be very, very easy for me to expose you.

Stefan: You wanna know how you can walk around in the sun?

Logan: I do.

Stefan: You can’t. Don’t ever threaten me again.






Elena: When Logan came to the house, what did he say?

Jenna: Fake flattery. Stupid, dimpled grin. Puppy dog eyes.

Elena: I’m serious, Jenna. How did he act? What did he say?

Jenna: He was the usual Logan, was charming, a little more manic than usual. He kept trying to convince me to let him in. 
 What?

Elena: Ok, listen to me very carefully. Do not, under any circumstances, talk to him again. I’m serious, Jenna, like ever!




Alaric: Hey Elena. Jenna

Elena: Hi Mr. Saltzman.

Alaric: 
 Yeah, I was hoping to see you tonight.

Jenna: Career night is the new bowling.




Elena: Ok, um, excuse me.






Damon: Logan Fell is a vampire and when I find him again, I’m gonna destroy him limb by limb.




Stefan: 
 What happened? Are you ok?




Damon: No, I'm not ok. I was ambushed. I was shot. 
 Now, I’m vengeful. Just got to find him.

Stefan: Well, there's no need. He’s here at the school.

Damon: You’re kidding me. Why the hell is he there?

Stefan: He’s working the crowd.

Damon: Well, I’ll be right there.




Elena: 
 So. Anything you’d like to share?




Sheriff Forbes: What are you doing?

Caroline: Following my future. 
 There it is.

Sheriff Forbes: Broadcast journalism?

Caroline: Yes. Broadcast journalism. 
 Why are you looking at me like that?

Sheriff Forbes: You don’t even read the paper.




Logan: Liz.

Sheriff Forbes: 
 Logan.




Logan: What are you gonna do stake me? Bury me in another shallow grave? What would the email say this time?

Sheriff Forbes: I didn't have a choice.

Logan: 
 You bitch! I died for you, for this town. You’ve known me since I was six and you swept me under the rug like dirt.

Sheriff Forbes: You knew what you were getting into.

Logan: I was one of you.

Sheriff Forbes: And now you're one of them.




Logan: Watch your back, Sheriff.




Sheriff Forbes: Get a backup team to the school immediately. Keep it within the circle. It’s a V5.






Jeremy: I didn’t know you drew.

Tyler: It’s an elective.

Jeremy: Because it’s good stuff. You like graphics? Cause that's, uh, that's kind of my thing.

Tyler: 
 Woah, whoa, what are you doing?

Jeremy: 
 Well, it's just something else we have in common.

Tyler: What’s the other thing? Vicki? Let’s hang out because we did the same chick? Go be friends with one of the many other guys that she screwed, there is no shortage of them.




Alaric: 
 Alright, work it out, tough guy.

Mayor Lockwood: You two, follow me.




Alaric: Excuse me, Mayor. 
 Where are you taking them?

Mayor Lockwood: I’m gonna talk to them. All fights should end in handshakes, don’t you think? 
 Come on.




Caroline: Bonnie, where are you? I’m ready to go. I’ll be outside.




Logan: Hey, damsel in distress, need a ride?

Caroline: 
 Oh my God. Logan Fell, channel 9, is that you? 


Logan: I used to baby sit you, Caroline Forbes. Don’t mock me.

Caroline: Well, I was supposed to go home with Bonnie, but I can’t find her.

Logan: It's not a problem, really. It’s on my way.

Caroline: Okay.




Caroline: You know, this is fate.

Logan: And why is that?

Caroline: Because I’m interested in broadcast journalism. So can I ask you a couple questions?

Logan: Anything you want. But first, buckle up.

Caroline: Ok.






Matt: Hey.

Elena: 
 Hey, have you seen Logan Fell, the news guy?

Matt: Yeah. He just gave Caroline a ride home.




Stefan: Stay here.






Mayor Lockwood: Ok, let’s get this out of your system. Go ahead. Fight.

Jeremy: You want us to what?

Tyler: I’m not gonna fight him, dad.

Jeremy: I don’t think so, sir.




Mayor Lockwood: You don't fight in there like pansies. You take it outside, fight your battles like men, and move on. Best lesson my dad taught me. So let’s settle it. Fight.




Tyler: Come on, dad.

Jeremy: That's not gonna happen.

Mayor Lockwood: I said fight!




Alaric: Whoa. What’s going on out here?

Mayor Lockwood: Just letting these two kids work it out. We’re good here. Go back inside.

Alaric: I don’t wanna go back inside. What I want is an answer to my question. What’s going on out here?

Mayor Lockwood: Who do you think you’re talking to? Do I look like a student?

Alaric: No. You look like a full grown alpha male douchebag.




Mayor Lockwood: You don't talk to me like that. I can have your job like this. 


Alaric: Ah, you do that. Then it will be you and me in this parking lot, working things out. You cool with that?

Mayor Lockwood: You just marked yourself.

Alaric: Ok.




Alaric: 
 You all right?




Mystic Falls




Sheriff Forbes: Where are you?

Logan: Your daughter has expressed an interest in journalism. I think it’s important to foster young minds.

Sheriff Forbes: What do you want?

Logan: The satisfaction of turning your daughter into a vampire.




Damon: Payback's a bitch, isn't it? 
 Get her out of here.




Sheriff Forbes (on the phone): Logan, what happened?! Logan?




Damon (phone): Sheriff, yeah, it’s Damon.

Sheriff Forbes (phone): Where is Caroline?




Damon (phone): She’s ok. I’m on Elm Street.




Damon: Gonna try this one more time. 
 Who turned you?

Logan: I told you I don’t know.

Damon: 
 This tire iron here could take your head clean off. 
 Is that your final answer?

Logan: How can you side with them?

Damon: I don't side with anyone. You pissed me off. I want you dead. Who turned you?

Logan: I don’t know!

Damon: Oh, well. You're screwed.




Logan: Wait, wait! I do know.

Damon: You’re lying.

Logan: You think you’re the only one who wants to get in that tomb underneath the old church?

Damon: If you're lying to me, I will end you.

Logan: I am not lying. There is another way to break the spell. We can help you. Meet me at the old church.




Damon: Take me down. Make it look real. Make it look real!




Sheriff Forbes: Where is she?

Damon: She’s ok. My brother's taken her home. I’m sorry, Sheriff. I just wasn’t strong enough.

Mystic Falls High School




Elena: Caroline?




Stefan: She‘s ok. I took her home. She was shaken up. But all she knows is Logan attacked her. Nothing else.

Elena: Where's Logan?

Stefan: Damon's dealing with him.

Elena: As in...?




Stefan: You saw what happened tonight, right? 
 I mean, you understand why we can't be together? You see it?

Elena: Yeah, I’m starting to see a lot of things, Stefan. Come on. I’ll, uh, I'll give you a ride.

Stefan: Uh, I can get home.

Elena: I know.

Stefan: All right. That'd be nice.






Jeremy: Hey.

Tyler: What do you want?




Jeremy: I don’t know. I, uh, I thought that was weird with your dad, what he did. Is he like that all the time? Is that...Is that what you gotta go through? Man, I...I get it. I get it. 
 What’s your problem?

Tyler: Look, I don’t need your pity.

Jeremy: Seriously, you don’t have to be like this. You don't.

Tyler: Just go.




Jeremy: What is your problem, man?

Tyler: I don’t know, ok? I don’t know.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: What I said before about you leaving. It was harsh.

Stefan: No, no. You had every right.

Elena: You asked me what I wanted my future to be. I wanted to be a writer. My mom sort of push me into that direction from the time I was able to read. She supported me, encouraged me, bought me my first journal, and then she died. And I can’t see myself being a writer anymore. That was something that we shared. I know that you think you put all of this bad stuff into my life, but my life already had it. I was buried in it.

Stefan: This is different.

Elena: It doesn’t make it any less painful.

Stefan: I know that it’s...that's it's hard to understand, but I’m doing this for you.




Elena: No.




Elena: You don’t get to make that decision for me. If you walk away, it’s for you, because I know what I want. Stefan, I love you.




Elena: Don’t.

Stefan: Elena, I can’t...

Elena: Yes, you can. 
 Don’t hide from me.




Warehouse




Logan: Who are you?

Alaric: A friend of Jenna's.

Logan: Jenna sent you?

Alaric: No, I came on my own.

Logan: Ah, I get it. Well, buddy, I know you think this makes you brave. But actually it makes you pretty stupid.

Alaric: Either way, here I am.

Logan: What do you want?

Alaric: Jenna is a good person. She deserves the best. I'm here to make sure she gets it.

Logan: Was that supposed to be a threat? Couldn't you throw a punch? Maybe provoke me a little?

Alaric: I’m not a violent guy by design.

Logan: Well, you’re not a very smart one, either.

Alaric: How’s that?




Logan: 'Cause you have no idea who you're talking to.




Mystic Falls High School




Tyler: I need a ride

Matt: Sure.




Matt: Look, I like Caroline. 
 She’s got this thing....this way about her....and I like her ok? And I’m not gonna defend it or apologize about.

Tyler: Ok.

Matt: So stop your little bromance bitch act.

Tyler: 
 Ok.




Forbes Residence




Sheriff Forbes: Yeah, I’ll be right there.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: I’ve never been in your room before.

Stefan: Hm, well, it hasn’t changed much over the years.

Elena: Do you leave everything here when you come and go?

Stefan: It’s the only place that...that has remained constant. This room holds every memory that I've ever thought was important enough to hold on to.




Elena: A lot of memories.




Stefan: Yep. Are you thirsty or anything?

Elena: A little. You? Uh...


Stefan: I’m fine. Let me get you something to drink, ok?

Elena: Ok.




Old Church




Damon: Hello.




Sheriff Forbes: I just wanted to say thank you. I don’t know how you did it.

Damon: Um, not following.

Sheriff Forbes: We found Logan’s body up by the old Fell warehouse. He has been disposed of. He was hoarding victims, innocent victims.

Damon: What?

Sheriff Forbes: This town owes you so much. So do I.




Salvatore Boarding House




Stefan: Elena?




Mystic Falls





See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
