



Katerina







Information


season
number




2
9






Navigation


previous
next




Rose
The Sacrifice





Contents[show]
Bulgaria 1490

[Katherine is delivering a baby. Her mother is helping her.]

Mother: A little more dearest, a little more. Push....a little more. A little more. A little more. Push!

[She pushes and screams. She delivers her baby. Her mother takes it. Her father is watching.]

Mother: It's a girl.

Katherine: A girl. Please mother, let me see her.

Father: Woman, don't! What are you doing?

[She gives the baby to her husband.]

Katherine: Let me at least hold her once...just once.

Father: Forget it! You have disgraced this family.

[He leaves the room with the baby. Katherine cries and screams.]

Katherine: Father, please! No, father, no!

Mother: No Katerina, it's better for her! It's better for her!

[Her mother embraces her. Katherine is still crying.]

Katherine: No mother, please...

Mother: Let her go...let her go Katerina.

Katherine: Please, mama...

Salvatore Boarding House

[Elena is knocking on the door. Damon opens it.]

Damon: Hello, Elena.

Elena: Is Stefan here? He called. He said it was important.

Damon: Right this way.

[She enters the house. Stefan arrives.]

Stefan: Hey.

Elena: What is this about?

[Rose arrives.]

Elena: You.

[They go in the living room. Elena is sitting on the couch.]

Rose: Okay, you have to understand I only know what I've picked up over the years and I don't know what's true and what's not true. It's the problem with all this vampire crap but Klaus, I know he's real.

Elena: Who is he?

Damon: He's one of the originals, he's a legend.

Stefan: From the first generation of vampires.

Elena: Like Elijah?

Rose: No. Elijah was the Easter bunny compared to Klaus. He's a foot soldier. Klaus is the real deal.

Stefan: Klaus is known to be the oldest.

Elena: Okay, so you're saying that the oldest vampire in the history of time is coming after me?

Rose: Yes.

Stefan: No.

Damon: What they're saying is, I mean if what she's saying is true...

Rose: Which it is.

Damon: And you're not saying it so I don't kill you.

Rose: Which I'm not.

Damon: Then we're looking at a solid maybe.

Stefan: Look, Elijah's dead, right? So no one else even knows that you exist.

Rose: Not that you know of.

Damon: That's not helping.

Stefan: Look, I've never even met anyone who's laid eyes on him. I mean, we're talking centuries of truth mixed with fiction. We don't know if he's real. For all we know he could just be some sort of stupid bed time story.

Rose: He's real and he doesn't give up. If he wants something, he gets it. If you're not afraid of Klaus, then you're an idiot.

Damon: Alright, we're shaking. You made your point.

[Elena gets up.]

Stefan: Where are you going?

Elena: School. I'm late.

Stefan: Let me grab my stuff, I'll go with you.

Elena: It's okay, I know where it is.

[She leaves.]

Damon (to Rose): She's in denial.

Stefan: Shut up, Damon.

Mystic Falls High School

[Bonnie arrives at school. One of her books fall on the ground. Jeremy arrives.]

Jeremy: Here, I got it.

Bonnie: Thanks. Where's Elena?

Jeremy: She's actually running late today. What are you doing later? You want to hang out at the grill, shoot some pool? The winner owns the table.

Bonnie: Uh, why?

Jeremy: Why what?

Bonnie: Well, you never asked me to play a game of pool before so why now?

Jeremy: Uh, I don't know, I thought it'd be fun, never mind.

Bonnie: No, hey, okay. Sure. It's just...

Jeremy: Just what?

Bonnie: It's just you're Elena's brother and...sure. It's just, I'm really bad at pool.

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah. I thought you might be.

[A boy arrives.]

Luka: Excuse me! Do you guys know which way is the office?

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah. Through the double doors then straight ahead, quick left and then your first right. You must be new here.

Luka: Yeah, I am. It's kind of hard to hide it. My name's Luka.

Jeremy: I'm Jeremy, this is Bonnie.

Luka: Hi, Bonnie.

[They look at each other. Jeremy looks at them.]

Jeremy: Anyway, Luka. I'm actually heading in that direction. Why you don't follow me? It can get confusing.

Luka: Thanks man. It's nice to meet you Bonnie.

[He looks at her and leaves with Jeremy.]

Woods

[Elena is with Caroline. Elena is carrying a bag.]

Elena: Tell everyone I wasn't feeling well and I went home from school.

Caroline: I can't believe I'm agreeing to this. I'm a terrible liar.

Elena: And keep Stefan busy. I don't want him to know what I'm up to.

Caroline: I'm even worse at duplicity and you know this.

Elena: You managed to keep me occupied when Katherine paid Stefan a visit.

Caroline: Yeah, because she threatened me. Not that I'm saying that you should use that as a tactic, it's...Stefan's gonna see right through me.

Elena: Caroline, as my friend, do you promise or not?

Caroline: You had to break out the girlfriend code. Okay. I promise.

Elena: Okay.

Caroline: Why don't you want Stefan to know?

Elena: Because he would never be okay with me doing this.

[They go under the church ruins. They stop in front of the tomb's door.]

Caroline: Are you sure you want to do this?

Elena: Yes, I'm sure. She's the only one who knows the truth about Klaus. The only one who can tell me how to stop him.

Caroline: But you're asking for the truth from someone who's probably never giving it. Are you sure about this?

Elena: Yeah. I can't just sit back and wait. I have to know, Caroline. Please.

[Caroline goes towards the door and opens it.]

Elena: Katherine?

[She looks at Caroline.]

Elena: I'll be okay from here.

[They hear a noise. Elena turns her head and looks at the door entrance. Katherine arrives and stops at the entrance.]

Katherine: Hello Elena. You come to watch me wither away? Goodbye Caroline.

Elena: As long as I stay on this side of the door, she can't hurt me. Please.

[Caroline looks at them and leaves.]

Katherine: Stefan know you're here?

Elena: I brought you some things.

Katherine: You came to bribe me? What is it that you want?

Elena: I want you to tell me about Klaus.

Katherine: Hmm, you've been busy.

Elena: I also brought you this.

[She takes an old book from the bag.]

Elena: It's your family history. It says in here that the family line ended with you. Obviously that's not true.

Katherine: You think that if you brought me some family keepsake that I'd open up?

Elena: I also brought you this.

[She takes a bottle of blood from the bag and shows it to Katherine. Katherine rushes over towards Elena but she can't get out because of the spell.]

Elena: You don't look so good. How long before your body shuts down? 10, 20 years? It must be painful to desiccate and mummify. I can't even imagine.

[Katherine sits down on the floor. Elena puts some blood in a glass on the ground and pushes it towards her with a stick. Katherine takes the glass and drinks. Her skin regains some of its color.]

Katherine: You have the Petrova fire.

Elena: More blood?

[Katherine puts the glass on the floor. Elena takes it.]

Katherine: It's a long story, Klaus and I. It goes all the way back to England, 1492, after I left Bulgaria. Or was thrown out.

[Elena gives Katherine more blood.]

Elena: Thrown out?

Katherine: My family, your true ancestors, they disowned me. My indiscretions were not tolerated at that time. I had a baby out of wedlock. The shame.

Elena: It was kept secret?

Katherine: Mhmm. My baby was given away. I was banished to England and I had to learn to adjust. So I quickly became English. It was there that I caught the eye of a nobleman named Klaus. I was taken with him at first, til I found out what he was and what he wanted from me. And then I ran like hell.

England 1492

[Katherine is running in the woods. She falls and hides behind a tree. Elijah and his men are looking for her.]

Elijah: She's here. Katerina! I know you're near, I can smell your blood. It's pointless to run, Klaus will find you wherever you are.

[Trevor arrives and indicates a false direction.]

Trevor: This way. There is more blood over there.

[They leave. Katherine gets up. She tries to leave but Trevor arrives, puts a finger on her mouth and pushes her against the tree.]

Trevor: Head east. I can't lead them astray anymore.

Katherine: I can't run anymore.

Trevor: Never mind. There's a cottage. You'll be safe there. Go now. Go!

[She leaves.]

Fell's Church Ruins

Elena: So, what did Klaus want?

Katherine: The same thing that he'll want from you. He wants to break the curse.

Elena: By sacrificing the Petrova doppelgänger.

Katherine: He wanted to drain every single drop of blood from my body.

Salvatore Boarding House

[Rose is crying. Damon arrives and she wipes away her tears.]

Damon: All right Rosebud. I need some answers. Oh please don't tell me you're crying ‘cause your buddy Trevor lost his head.

Rose: You've always been this sensitive?

Damon: Full vampire switch for this very reason. Takes the emotion out of it.

Rose: Yeah, you switch yours, I'll switch mine.

Damon: Is that a dig?

Rose: It's an observation. Being in love with your brother's girlfriend must be difficult.

Damon: I'm not in love with anyone.

Rose: You want to try that again?

Damon: Don't get on my bad side.

Rose: Then show me your good side.

Damon: How do I find Klaus?

Rose: You don't find Klaus, he finds you.

Damon: Come on. Somebody's got to know somebody who knows where he is, right?

Rose: Add another two hundred somebodies to that and you're still not even close.

Damon: Humor me. You got in touch with Elijah, how did you do it?

Rose: Through a very low somebody on the totem pole. A guy named Slater in Richmond.

Damon: Perfect. I'll drive.

Rose: No. You forget not all of us can do sun.

Damon: Then you drive. Come on.

Mystic Falls High School

Caroline: Stefan!

Stefan: Hey.

Caroline: Hey. Uh, I need to talk to you. Where are you going?

Stefan: Well, Elena went home sick; I just want to go check up on her.

Caroline: Ditch her.

Stefan: I'm kind of worried about her.

Caroline: You know what? Of course you are. Go ahead, I'd...you know what? We can talk later.

Stefan: Uh, talk about what?

Caroline: I might have done something.

Stefan: What did you do?

Caroline: Told Tyler I'm a vampire.

Fell's Church Ruins

[Elena gives another glass of blood to Katherine.]

Elena: What does the Petrova blood line have to do with Klaus?

Katherine: It's really tedious but...

[She drinks and crushes the cup. She has regained more of her color.]

Katherine: The curse was bound by the sacrifice of Petrova blood. Witches are crafty with their spells. The doppelgänger was created as a way to be able to undo the spell. Once the doppelgänger reappeared, the curse can be broken.

Elena: So you ran before he killed you?

Katherine: Something like that.

England 1492

[Katherine runs through the woods to a cottage. She knocks on the door.]

Katherine: Help, please help me.

[An old woman opens the door.]

Katherine: Please, help me.

Woman: I don't invite strangers into my home.

Katherine: No, Trevor. He said that you'd help me.

[Rose is inside and overhears the conversation.]

Rose: Damn him. Always making promises I don't want to keep.

[She looks at Katherine.]

Rose: Let the girl in.

[Katherine enters. Rose goes over to the woman and compels her.]

Rose: Bring her water and something to eat.

Katherine: You must be Rose. Thank you. Trevor said to show you this.

[She shows her the moonstone.]

Katherine: To prove I am who I say and that you'd help me to freedom.

Rose: You stole this from Klaus?

Katherine: It was to be part of the sacrifice ritual, so I grabbed it and made my escape.

Rose: People do not escape from Klaus. Everyone who tries ends up back in his grasp and anyone who helps them dies.

Katherine: I know the risk you bring on yourself by giving me aid.

Rose: I'm risking nothing. At nightfall, I'll bring you back to Klaus and beg him to show us both mercy.

[She catches Katherine and pushes her in an empty room.]

Katherine: No! No!

[Rose closes the door.]

Coffee Shop

[Rose and Damon are parking the car in a underground parking lot in Richmond.]

Damon: Back entrance. How convenient.

Rose: That's the point. We can't all have little daylight rings.

Damon: How do you know this Slater guy is even here?

Rose: I called him. He's here. He's always here.

Damon: Good.

[He pushes her against the wall at super speed.]

Damon: Just one thing. If you're setting me up in any way, I will rip your heart out and shove it down your throat. It's something I'm very good at.

[Rose grabs him and pushes him against the car at super speed, twisting his arm behind his back.]

Rose: I'm older than you and stronger. Don't get on my bad side.

[She releases him.]

Rose: You can trust me.

[They enter the coffee shop.]

Damon: Whoa. What about the sunlight?

Rose: Double paned and tempered. UV rays can't penetrate. You see the appeal now?

[Slater rejoins them.]

Slater: That and the free Wi-Fi.

[She embraces him.]

Rose: Hey, how are you?

Slater: Good. I saw you come, what are you doing here?

Rose: Mmm, it's a long story but I want you to meet...

Slater: Damon Salvatore. Turned 1864 in Mystic Falls by Katherine Pierce aka Katerina Petrova. So I take it I was right, what I told you about the tomb under the church was true?

Rose: Yes. It was right. Thank you for the tip.

[He looks at Damon.]

Slater: It's nice to meet you, maybe. What's going on Rose? Where's Trevor?

Fell's Church Ruins

Elena: Rose never ended up taking you back to Klaus, did she?

Katherine: No, but not because she had a change of heart.

England 1492

[Rose enters the room in which she is holding Katherine. Katherine is on a bed.]

Rose: It's nightfall. Time to go.

[She sees that Katherine is hurt. She's there's blood on her stomach.]

Rose: When did this happen?

Katherine: In the woods, I tripped.

Rose: It's a lie, I would have smelled it.

[She finds a knife in Katherine's hand and takes it.]

Katherine: I'd rather die than go back to Klaus. Please, just let me die.

Rose: If you die then Trevor dies with you.

[She bites her wrist and puts it in Katherine's mouth, forcing her to drink the blood. Her wounds heal. Trevor arrives.]

Katherine: No. No!

Trevor: Where is she?

[Rose rushes over to him and leaves Katherine alone. She pushes him against the wall.]

Rose: You have set us both on the path of death. I only hope Klaus sees the honor in returning that girl to him.

Trevor: He will sacrifice her.

Rose: Then so be it!

Trevor: I love her, Rose.

Rose: He'll kill you. He won't stop until he has all of our heads.

Trevor: Then we shall run until we die.

[They hear a noise in the room. They rush in to see what's happened and find Katherine hanging from the ceiling by a rope. She's dead.]

Fell's Church Ruins

Elena: You killed yourself?!

Katherine: Klaus needed a human doppelgänger. As a vampire, I was no longer any use to him.

Elena: But it didn't work. You didn't really escape, you've been running from Klaus ever since.

Katherine: I underestimated his spirit for vengeance but living in a suitcase is better than dying so you can have your blood spilled over some silly little rock.

[Elena looks ill at ease.]

Katherine: What's wrong? Afraid I'm right? You don't want to die? There's another way out.

[She cuts her wrist with her nail. She bleeds.]

Katherine: Better hurry. Your opportunity is going, going, going and gone. I made the other choice.

England 1492

[Katherine wakes up in the cottage.]

Trevor: What did you do, Katerina? I would have helped you live.

Katherine: You would have helped me run. That was never going to be enough.

Trevor: It was enough for me.

Rose: Do you not see, Trevor? She used you to help her escape and me to turn her. Klaus will see our role in this.

Katherine: And for that I'm sorry.

Rose: As am I....for this.

[She rushes over to Katherine with a stake but Katherine grabs the old lady and pulls her in front of herself for protection. Rose stakes the old lady on the shoulder. Katherine drinks the old lady's blood.]

Katherine: Please understand.

Rose: You have just signed our death sentence.

Katherine: Better you die than I.

[She throws the old lady into Trevor's arms and leaves with her new super speed.]

Fell's Church Ruins

Elena: Rose and Trevor spent the last 500 years running because you used them. Trevor just got killed.

Katherine: I never thought he would last that long.

Elena: You don't even care that you ruined their lives.

Katherine: I was looking out for myself, Elena. I will always look out for myself. If you're smart, you'll do the same.

[She turns away and opens the Petrova book.]

Mystic Grill

[Caroline and Stefan are sitting at a table. Caroline is eating.]

Caroline: Sorry to drag you here but if I don't eat, I get those kill innocent people urges. Tyler totally has those too by the way.

Stefan: Yeah, what else did you say to him?

Caroline: Not much. I was trying to keep the questions to a minimum. Are you mad?

Stefan: Yes Caroline. As a matter of fact, I am a little mad. I mean, you put yourself a risk. If Damon finds out...

Caroline: But you're not gonna tell him, are you?

Stefan: No, of course not. He would kill you.

Caroline: Always looking out for me.

Stefan: Yeah. Well, you don't exactly make it very easy on me.

Caroline: Then why do you do it? Why are you such a good friend to me?

Stefan: I don't know. I guess you...you remind me of someone. My best friend, Lexi.

Caroline: I...you have a friend?

Stefan: You say that with such a discouraging amount of surprise, Caroline.

Caroline: No I just...sorry. I just...tell me about her.

Stefan: I will, some other time. I got to go.

Caroline: Wait! No! What do we do about Tyler? I don't want Damon to kill him ‘cause there's a full moon coming up and Tyler is totally freaking out about it.

[Luka is sitting at a table with his father. Bonnie passes next to him.]

Luka: Hey Bonnie.

Bonnie: Hey, Luka. How was your first day?

Luka: It was great. I would like to introduce you to my dad.

Bonnie: Hi, I'm Bonnie Bennett.

Jonas: Doctor Martin, Jonas Martin. It's nice to meet you Bonnie Bennett. Would you like to join us?

Bonnie: Oh, I'm meeting a friend but he's not here yet so...sure.

Luka: Oh yes, please have a seat.

[She sits down next to him.]

Bonnie: So, where did you move from?

Jonas: Louisiana.

Bonnie: That's a big change.

Luka: I'll say.

Bonnie: It's not so bad here.

Luka: It's looking up.

Jonas: Bennett, huh? I knew some Bennett's when I did my residency in Massachusetts. Do you have any family from Salem?

Bonnie: Actually I do.

Jonas: What do you know? Small world, right?

[Jeremy arrives.]

Bonnie: Oh, there's my friend. It was nice to meet you, Doctor Martin.

Luka: I will see you at school.

Bonnie: Yeah.

[She touches his shoulder and feels something. She leaves with Jeremy and turns her head to look at them.]

Jeremy: Sorry I was late, are you okay?

Bonnie: Yeah.

Coffee Shop

Slater: And you're sure Elijah's dead?

Damon: Beyond dead.

Slater: Trevor was a good man; he helped me with my dissertation on sexual deviance in the Baroque period. I was schooling for my Psych PhD.

Rose: Slater's been in college since '74.

Slater: When I was turned. I have 18 degrees, 3 master's and 4 PhDs.

Damon: The point?

Slater: Exactly, I mean, what is the point? What should I be doing with my eternity? If you have an answer, please enlighten me.

Rose: We need your help. If someone wanted to get in touch with Klaus, how would you hook him up?

Slater: Craigslist.

Damon: Really?

Slater: Seriously. I respond to a personal ad to get sent to somebody who knows somebody who knows Elijah, who's dead and that's where my connection ends.

[In front of the coffee shop, a man stops in front of a man who's playing guitar. He gives him $100 and takes some of his coins. He decants the coins into his other hand which is wearing a ring. It's Elijah. He looks at Slater, Damon and Rose.]

Mystic Grill

[Bonnie and Jeremy are playing pool. Bonnie tries to shoot but she hits the side of the cue ball, causing it to barely roll to the side.]

Jeremy: You are bad.

Bonnie: I told you.

Jeremy: Well, feel free to cheat if you need your dignity back.

Bonnie: Come on, hit the ball.

[Luka rejoins them.]

Luka: Alright, I got a winner guys. I got a winner.

Jeremy: Get ready, this slaughter is almost over.

[Jeremy shoots the ball. Luka watches.]

Bonnie: So where's your dad?

Luka: (Commenting on the shot.) Nice. (Answering Bonnie.) Um, I'll see him back home.

[Stefan and Caroline are still talking.]

Stefan: Okay, now I'm leaving.

Caroline: Wait...!

Stefan: No, no, no, Caroline, you have two seconds to come clean.

Caroline: What do you mean?

Stefan: I'd believe the whole innocent act a little bit better if I didn't know how good you were at providing a distraction on demand. Where is Elena?

Caroline: I can't tell you.

Stefan: You can't tell me? Are you kidding me?

Caroline: I'm sorry but I...I can't tell you.

Stefan: Caroline! Elena was kidnapped, she could have been killed and you're seriously not gonna tell me where she is?

Caroline: She's not in any danger. I would not have let her put herself in danger.

Stefan: Put herself in danger where? What do you...? She's with Damon, isn't she?

Caroline: Ew, no!

Stefan: Then where...where is she? Listen, if you're my friend like you've been pretending to be all day, then you'll tell me where she is.

Caroline: Stefan, I am your friend but I'm also Elena's friend and I'm sorry but I'm not going to tell you where she is.

[He looks at her and leaves.]

Fell's Church Ruins

Elena: So how much of your little story is true?

Katherine: I have no reason to lie, Elena. I have no reason to do anything but sit here and read and rot.

Elena: Okay, assuming it's even partially true, that's the reason why you came back isn't it? Because you wanted to be the one to hand me over to Klaus.

Katherine: 500 years on the run, I figured maybe he'd be willing to strike a deal.

Elena: So you got Mason Lockwood to find you the moonstone.

Katherine: Right again.

Elena: What else do you need to break the curse?

Katherine: Hmm, look who is getting smarter.

Elena: It's not just me or the stone, is it? Otherwise there would be no reason to trigger Tyler Lockwood's werewolf curse.

Katherine: Witches and their spells: so many ingredients, so many people to sacrifice.

Elena: So you need a werewolf?

Katherine: Believe it or not, they're hard to come by.

Elena: What else?

Katherine: A witch to do the spell. Mine bailed but Bonnie will do just fine.

Elena: What else?

Katherine: A vampire.

Elena: Caroline.

Katherine: It could have been anyone I suppose but I like the poetry of Caroline.

Elena: So you were gonna just hand us all over to be killed?

Katherine: Better you die than I.

[She goes back into the tomb. Elena is alone.]

Coffee Shop

Damon: Here's what I don't get: Elijah moved around during the day, which means the originals knew the secret of the day ring. Now why would Klaus want to lift the curse of the sun and the moon?

Slater: To keep the werewolves from lifting it. If a vampire breaks the sun curse then the werewolves are stuck with the curse of the moon forever and vice versa.

Rose: But werewolves are extinct.

Slater: True. I've never seen one but rumor has it...

Damon: Not such a rumor.

Slater: Mystic Falls? God, I've got to visit this place. It sounds awesome.

[Elijah is still in front of the coffee shop. He's listening to them.]

Damon: Awesome doesn't even begin to describe it. Can we stop the curse from being broken at all?

Slater: What do you mean?

Damon: Well, if we make the moonstone useless, would it stop the curse from being broken?

Slater: Well, yeah, probably, but why would you want to do that?

Damon: Tell me how.

Slater: You think I'm gonna help you figure out how to do something that will piss off an original? And keeping them from walking in the sun?

Damon: You want to walk in the sun? I can make that happen if you help us.

[Elijah is still listening to them. He throws the coins at the window. All the windows break. Slater and Rose's skin starts burning. Rose is screaming. Damon looks outside but Elijah is gone. Slater runs. Rose's face is burned. Damon puts a jacket on Rose's face and helps her get out the back of the coffee shop. The other customers are also rushing out the back door into the parking lot. He carries her to the car and puts her in the back of the car.]

Damon: You're gonna be okay.

Rose: I know.

Damon: Who's behind that?

Rose: I don't know. Where is Slater?

Damon: Iowa by now. Who the hell knows?

Rose: He's not behind this, he's a good guy, he wouldn't betray me.

Damon: Who did it?

Rose: It's Klaus, don't you understand? You don't know this man, we're dead, we're all dead.

[She cries. Her face is healed.]

Mystic Grill

[Bonnie is alone, she looks at Jeremy. He looks at her and they both smile. Luka rejoins her.]

Luka: Hey Bonnie. I'm sorry about earlier, my dad is not very subtle with the whole Bennett/Salem question. He picked up on you, he was just fishing around, he didn't mean any harm.

Bonnie: I felt something too.

Luka: I know. That's why we're having this conversation right now. He uh...doesn't like for anyone to know.

[He unscrews the lid on the salt shaker and pours some salt on the table.]

Luka: But we were both worry that you would bail us.

[He looks around and puts his hand above the salt. The salt floats up.]

Luka: He just wants us to fit in here for once. It's tough Bonnie, being different.

Bonnie: You're a witch?

Luka: Well, we prefer the term warlock.

Fell's Church Ruins

[Elena is still alone, she looks at the tomb. She grabs the bottle of blood and her bag and goes to leave. Stefan arrives though.]

Stefan: Elena.

Elena: Stefan, what are you doing here?

Stefan: I could ask you the same question.

Elena: Caroline told you.

Stefan: No, she kept your secret but it didn't take long for me to figure out what was the important that you'd have to keep it from me.

Elena: I knew that you'd stop me.

Stefan: Listen to me, whatever she said to you is a lie. Do not listen to her. She's a liar, Elena.

Elena: What if she isn't? You didn't hear what she said.

Stefan: You don't have to worry, I'm not gonna let anything happen to you.

Elena: That's the problem, you won't but you'll die trying. How's that any better?

[Katherine arrives.]

Katherine: There's nothing you can do, Stefan. I haven't even told you the best part of the story.

Bulgaria 1492

[Katherine arrives at her parents' home. She finds dead people outside. She runs and enters the home. She finds her father dead and sees her mother. She's dead. She rushes over to her. She cries over her mother's body.]

Katherine: No, no, no, mama. No!

Fell's Church Ruins

Katherine: He killed them, my entire family, just to get back at me for running. Whatever you do to escape Klaus, he will get his vengeance on your friends, your family and anyone that you've ever loved.

[Stefan looks at Elena.]

Stefan: No, look at me. No, do not listen to her, okay?

Katherine: Always the protector but even you must realize that she's doomed. There's nothing you can do to stop it unless of course you have this.

[She shows him the moonstone.]

Elena: What?

Stefan: Oh no, there it is. It's the ultimate lie, isn't it? You spun this whole thing so that we would have to get the stone from you, didn't you?

Katherine: I didn't spin anything, Stefan. It's the truth.

Stefan: No, let me guess. You want to trade that stone for your freedom, you manipulative, psychotic bitch.

Katherine: My freedom? That's where you're wrong, Stefan. I don't want my freedom because when Klaus shows up to kill us all and he will, I'll be in the tomb, where no vampire will enter because they can't get out. I'll be the safest psychotic bitch in town.

[She looks at Elena and retreats back into the tomb. Stefan looks at Elena.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon is drinking in the living room. Rose rejoins her.]

Rose: I'm sorry about today. I didn't know that was gonna happen.

Damon: I believe you.

Rose: I wish we could save Elena. I know that you want to.

Damon: And I will.

Rose: You remind me of Trevor.

Damon: Why? Why him?

Rose: Because he always talked a big game, he was always working on an angle but underneath it all, he was the best friend anyone could hope for.

Damon: And where did that get him?

Rose: Dead and my loyalty to him almost got me dead too.

[He gives her a glass of scotch.]

Damon: To friendship.

Rose: You're right to fight it, the way you feel about her.

Damon: And why's that?

Rose: Because if you want to survive, you need to not care about anyone.

Damon: Caring gets you dead, huh?

Rose: It might just be time to turn the switch off on your emotions.

Damon: I will if you will.

[They look at each other and then kiss.]

Mystic Grill

[Jeremy is playing pool. He turns around to look at Bonnie but she's not looking at him; she's talking with Luka. He looks at them, smiles and leaves.]

Gilbert Residence

[Elena and Stefan are on the porch.]

Stefan: Elena.

Elena: I can't talk about it, Stefan.

Stefan: You have to. Don't shut me out. Elena, please.

[She's crying.]

Elena: I wanted to know the truth and I got it. It's not just me that's in danger. It's Caroline and it's Tyler and it's Bonnie. They're all part of breaking the curse. I can't blame anyone else anymore because it's not because you came into town or because you and I fell in love. That's not why everyone that I love is in danger. It's because of me, everything is because of me.

[He embraces her. She's crying. He kisses her on the top of her head.]

Fell's Church Ruins

[Katherine is reading her family book. She finds a portrait of her with her parents. Tears well up in her eyes.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon and Rose are curled up by the fireplace, under a blanket. Damon is shirtless. Rose is in her lingerie.]

Rose: It's a lie, you know. There's no switch you can turn off. Sure when you're a newbie but after a couple of hundred years...you just have to pretend.

[Rose's phone ring. She answers. It's Slater.]

Rose: Hello?

Slater: Rose?

Rose: Slater? Are you okay?

Slater: Yes, I took off, I'm sorry, I was frigging freaked.

Rose: No, I'm sorry to involved you.

Slater: Look, I want no part in any of this but I did some digging.

Rose: Okay, what did you find?

Slater: You can destroy the curse but you need the moonstone.

Rose: How? What do you mean? I don't follow.

Slater: Can your friend get the moonstone? You need it.

[She looks at Damon. He nods his head affirmatively.]

Rose: Yes, he can get it. What next?

Slater: You need a witch. Get the moonstone, a witch should be able to figure out the rest. Good luck, Rose.

[He hangs up. Damon and Rose look at each other.]

Slater's Residence

[Slater has just hung up.]

Elijah: Very nicely done.

Slater: Thanks, I have a degree in theater. How can you compel me? A vampire can't compel another vampire.

Elijah: I'm a special vampire.

Slater: What, because you're an Original?

Elijah: Hmm, now I want you take this and drive it through your heart.

[He gives him a stake. Slater takes it.]

Slater: But that would kill me forever.

Elijah: I know.

[He's compelling him.]

Elijah: But it's necessary.

[Slater drives the stake through his heart. He falls on the floor, dead. Jonas can be seen behind Elijah.]

Jonas: Was it, really?

Elijah: It had to be done. He delivered his message. Won't be long now.

[They look at each other.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

