Damon: Could you turn it up a little bit? It's not annoying yet.
Stefan: Sorry.
Damon: When are you going back to school?
Stefan: Soon.
Damon: Oh come on. Just drink already. Come on, this self-detox is not natural.
Stefan: Can you get that away from me please?
Damon: How long did it take you to wean yourself of it the last time you indulged?
Damon: That's not good.
Stefan: I'll be fine; it just takes a little bit of time.
Damon: I don't get it; you know, you don't have to kill to survive. That's what blood banks are for. I haven't hunted in a human in...God way too long.
Stefan: Oh, I'm impressed.
Damon: It's completely self-serving. I'm trying to get the town off the trail of vampires which is not very easy considering that there is an entire tomb of them running around.
Stefan: What are we planning on doing about that?
Damon: We are not going to do much of anything if you don't have your strength. There's nothing wrong with partaking in a healthy diet of human blood from a blood bank. You're not actually killing anyone.
Stefan: I have my reasons.
Damon: Well, what are those holier-than-thou reasons? You know, we never actually discussed this. You know, I'd- I'd love to hear this story.
Stefan: You're really enjoying this, aren't you? Watching me struggle?
Damon: Very much so.
Stefan: I hate to break it to you Damon but...I actually have it under complete control.
Damon: You do? Well, then you should just carry on, making the rest of us vampires look bad.
Damon: Have a great day, Stefan.
Damon: Oh, hey, almost forgot something. Oops.
Elena: Come on Jeremy, going to school! Walking out the door now!
Jenna: Forgot this. (She gives her a thermos.)
Elena: Thank you.
: Elena!
Elena: Uncle John! Hi.
: Jenna.
Jenna: John, you made it.
John: I said I'll be here before noon.
Jenna: Oh what you say and what you do are typically two very different things.
Jeremy: Uncle John, what's up?
John: Hey!
John: I had some business in town; I thought that a visit was in order.
Elena: How long are you staying?
John: I don't know yet.
Elena: Okay, well, I'm gonna go to school, I'll see you later.
John: So what's up with Jeremy?
Jenna: He just lost a friend, so try to be sensitive.
: I'm always sensitive.
Jenna: Right, so really how long are you staying?
John: Can you at least pretend that you're happy to see me?
: Oh my god John! It's so good to see you. How have you been? (She becomes serious again.): No, I can't.
John: Do you really think that I was just gonna sign the escrow papers and send them back?
Jenna: Actually I did.
John: I'm not going to let you sell my brother's office.
Jenna: It's not up to you or me; it belongs to Jeremy and Elena.
John: Yeah but they're minors, so I get the final say, being that I'm the estate's trustee.
Elena: He said his trip is open ended.
Matt: Uncle John, I never really liked that guy.
Elena: Does anyone?
Matt: I'm here for moral support if you need me.
Elena: Thanks, I think I'll suffer this one alone; you've been through enough.
Matt: Thank you by the way, for just...for everything you did at Vicki's funeral and the memorial. I couldn't have done it without you.
Elena: Of course Matt.
Elena: So, was Caroline still baking for you guys, around the clock?
Matt: She finally went to her dad, which is a good thing because my mom was going to strangle her if she dropped off one more lasagna.
Jeremy: Nah.
Tyler: What's your problem?
Jeremy: I just don't want any.
Tyler: All right. They say she OD'd.
Jeremy: That's what I don't get, she was doing okay.
Tyler: Apparently not.
Jeremy: How did she end up buried in the woods? That's what I don't understand.
Tyler: By whoever was with her when she OD'd.
Jeremy: Yeah but you leave her, you don't take the time to bury her.
Tyler: Maybe she saw something and...Hell man, I don't know.
Forbes: The coroner's office has officially ruled Vicki Donovan's death a drug overdose. Her family has been notified, the truth will stay in this room and we can put this behind us.
Lockwood: Thank you Sheriff. And on to a more pressing issue, John Gilbert has asked to say a few words.
Lockwood: Welcome back John, it's good to see you.
John: Hello everyone, it's wonderful to see you, I wish it were under better circumstances. As a founding family member I find it's my duty to report some very distressing news.
Damon: He's a Gilbert?
Forbes: Elena's uncle. His name is John but I call him Jackass.
John: A hospital blood bank in the neighboring county of Amherst has reported several break ins over the past two weeks. 7 hunters, 4 campers and 2 states employees have been reported missing as well. All of this within a 75-mile radius of Mystic Falls.
Lockwood: Okay okay, no need to get alarmed right at this moment.
: Meaning he doesn't want to cancel the Founders' Day Kick-off Party.
John: You think all of your problems are over but I'm here to tell you, nothing's been solved.
Alaric: I made a copy of a paper Jeremy wrote for me. I think you should take a look at it.
Elena: Jeremy wrote this?
Alaric: He's very clear that he didn't think it was real.
Elena: I really hope you're right because I've done so much to protect him from all of this.
Alaric: So, how do you deal with it?
Elena: What do you mean?
Alaric: With all the lies and the secrets. You have to lie to everyone who's important to you.
Elena: It's not safe for them to know the truth. So, yes I keep it from them, but it's only because I love them.
Alaric: I think Stefan is a good guy. But at the end of the day he's still a vampire.
Elena: I know it's hard to understand but Stefan is different. He would never do anything to hurt me.
Jeremy: I've no interest in the Founders' Day Kick-off Party.
John: Sure you do its tradition.
Jenna: It will be our role to break the tradition.
John: The Gilberts have been a part of this town for a hundred and fifty years. We're one of the founding families and with that distinction comes certain obligations including going to the party. One day, when you can appreciate the significance, I'll tell you all about your heritage.
Jenna: Hmm, the Gilbert family legacy. I forgot how sacred it was. I'm not a Gilbert so I was never cool enough to hear it.
: Why does she hate you?
John: We used to sleep together.
Jenna: I'm standing right here.
Elena: Why would he write a report on vampires? Do you think he's starting to remember?
Stefan: Damon took away those memories for good, you don't have to worry about that. I tell you what: why don't you just ask him?
Elena: I...I can't.
Stefan: Why not? I mean if he doesn't know anything then it's just an innocent question.
Elena: I don't even know how to talk to him anymore. I mean, we used to be a lot more open with each other. But now, with all these secrets just piling up...You know, I haven't even told him that I am adopted yet.
Stefan: Maybe it's time you start opening up to him. I'm not saying you should tell him everything but at least try to find out what he does know and be prepared for it.
Elena: What about you, how are you doing?
Stefan: Much, much better. I'm still, you know...a little jittery, a little bit on edge but I'm gonna be okay.
Elena: I've been really worried about you and I missed you.
Stefan: I just needed to lay low for a little while and let my body readjust. It's only been a few days.
Elena: It feels like a lifetime.
Stefan: I've missed you too.
Elena: Stefan, what's wrong? Stefan?
Elena: Oh good you're here.
Damon: You ask I come. I'm easy like that.
: No Elena, I will not go to your bedroom with you.
Damon: Ah, just like I remember.
Elena: Stop messing around.
Damon: Did you know that your uncle has been kicking it with the Founders' Council?
Elena: What?
Damon: Yep.
Elena: Perfect, we'll just add it to the growing list of how everything is falling apart.
Damon: What happened right there?
Elena: Uh...nothing.
Elena: Look Damon, I'm worried about Stefan. He says that everything's okay but he's clearly struggling. How long is it gonna take before he goes back to normal?
Damon: A few days, give or take.
Elena: It's been a few days.
Damon: Give then, I don't know. What's the big deal?
Elena: He's not himself, Damon.
Damon: Well, maybe his problem is that he has spent too long not being himself.
Elena: Please don't make me sorry for asking you.
Damon: It is what it is Elena. The Stefan you know was "good behavior Stefan", ‘reign it in Stefan", "fight against his nature into an annoying excessive level Stefan" but if you think there isn't another part to this then you have not been paying attention.
Elena: He's not you, not even close.
Damon: Well, he doesn't want to be me. That doesn't mean that deep down though he's not.
Elena: Hey.
Jeremy: What's up?
Elena: Do you have some time to talk?
Jeremy: Uh, yeah, sure.
Elena: Not here. Come on. Let's get out of the house.
Jeremy: I just can't believe mom and dad never told you that you were adopted.
Elena: I'm sure they would have eventually.
Jeremy: Why were you worried about what I thought?
Elena: Because...I don't know. It's weird. Going you're whole life thinking you're related by blood to someone.
Jeremy: Does it bug you that we're not?
Elena: No, Jer...you're my brother, that's all that matters.
Elena: So, Mr. Saltzman said you've been doing great in history now.
Jeremy: Yeah, yeah he's really been helping me out. He gave me some extra credit and stuff.
Elena: He loved your vampire paper.
Jeremy: He thought I had a clever angle.
Elena: What drew you to that subject matter?
Jeremy: I don't know, boredom or maybe I'm just as nuts as the long line of Gilbert crazies.
Elena: Gilberts aren't crazy.
Jeremy: Easy for you to say, you're not one.
Elena: Ouch.
Stefan: Oh god! I shouldn't be here.
Damon: Come on, don't be a downer, it's a party for the founding families! That would be us. That would be rude to skip it.
Stefan: I really liked you a whole lot better when you hated everybody.
Damon: Oh I still do. I just love that they love me.
Damon: How are you feeling?
Stefan: I'm good, I'm fine.
Damon: No cravings? No urges? Is that whiskey you've been drinking all day doing its job?
Damon: We are who we are Stefan. Nothing's gonna change that.
Stefan: Ah! Nothing will make you happier to just see me given up hein Damon?
Damon: Whatever, it's inevitable.
Stefan: Well, I'm gonna find Elena.
Damon: Don't embarrass me young man!
Lockwood: I'm so glad you could join us tonight.
Kelly: It was nice of you to reach out to us.
Lockwood: This town is one big family, when we lose a member we all have to come together.
Lockwood: Matt.
Matt: Mayor.
Kelly: Well I guess dead kid rates a special greeting from the mayor, huh?
Matt: God, mom!
Kelly: I need a drink.
Tyler: Check it out!
Matt: Your dad is going to beat you down if he catches you.
Tyler: Yeah. Let him try.
Matt: Screw it.
Elena: Hey!
Stefan: Hey. How are you?
Elena: Are you drunk?
Stefan: Okay, I know it's a little weird but it's really helping me. The alcohol takes the edge off.
Elena: You're totally that drunk high school guy at parties sneaking booze.
Stefan: I totally am, yeah.
Elena: How worried do I need to be?
Stefan: Oh no! You don't need to be worried. It's just until the cravings go away. Listen, I think we should enjoy it while it lasts. Would you like to dance with me?
Elena: You hate dancing. I usually have to beg you.
Stefan: No, no, no you have to beg the sober me. The drunk me there is no begging necessary.
Elena: There's really no one dancing.
Stefan: That's because they need something better to dance to. I'll be right back.
Kelly: Yeah...That's not gonna work. I already tried to bribe the guy with 20 bucks and a date. He said Carol Lockwood has complete control over the music choices.
Elena: You'd be surprised what Stefan can accomplish when he puts his mind to it.
Kelly: Thank God!
Damon: Have I entered an alternate universe where Stefan is fun?
Elena: Is he gonna be okay?
Damon: Eventually. One way or another.
Elena: History teacher three o'clock.
Jenna: How do I look?
Elena: Beautiful.
: I was looking for you.
Jenna: Here I am. I haven't seen you in a while.
Alaric: Well uh...(He looks at Elena) Things have been a little crazy but I'm here now. Do you want to get a drink?
Jenna: Sure.
Alaric: Okay.
Matt: When did this happen?
Elena: DJ had a change of heart.
Matt: Do you want to dance?
Elena: I don't know.
Matt: Yes.
Elena: Matt!
Damon: You know I love a woman in uniform but I have to side with this one. You look...you look smashing.
Forbes: Thank you Damon. Cheers! (They clink glasses.) I needed that. You know I had my doubts about you at first but like everyone else on the council you've won me over.
Damon: Thanks Liz. It's really nice how welcoming the council has been. I like my life here in Mystic Falls. Starting to feel like home again.
Forbes: Well, you're not gonna like what I have to tell you. Johnathan Gilbert's claims check out. Blood bank, the missing people, all of it's true. We might have a problem.
Jeremy: Excuse me Sheriff. I was curious if there's been any more information about what happened to Vicki Donovan?
Forbes: It was an overdose, Jeremy.
Jeremy: Yeah, but her body was buried. Somebody must have done that.
Forbes: We're aware of that. The investigation is ongoing but there's nothing more I can tell you at this time. I'm sorry.
Jeremy: It's okay.
Stefan: Please dance with your alcoholic vampire boyfriend.
Man: Wow! Watch it!
Elena: I'm sorry, my fault. I'm clumsy.
Man: Then get off the dance floor.
Elena: Excuse me?
Stefan: That no way to talk to a lady.
Man: Whatever.
Stefan: I think you need to apologize.
Man: I'm sorry.
Stefan: Now say it like you mean it.
Man: I'm really, really sorry.
Elena: Stefan, it's fine.
Stefan: Now walk away.
Stefan: (He touches Elena's face.) You alright?
Elena: Have you noticed what your brother has been up to?
Damon: No, I have been too preoccupied with yours.
Damon: Jeremy has been asking questions about Vicki Donovan's death.
Elena: He knows that her death was ruled an overdose.
Damon: Really? (Imitating Jeremy.) "Oh but sheriff, someone buried her. Who would do that?" I know I know! Me! I mean I could compel him but he's wearing vervain.
Elena: No, I don't want you to compel him.
Damon: If he keeps asking questions...
Elena: Damon, no I'm serious. I'm not going to do that to him again. I'll handle it.
Damon: Okay. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Tyler: I saw that.
Kelly: Shh! We'll keep that between you and me. Where is the ladies' room?
Tyler: This way, I'll show you.
: Is that soda?
Tyler: Um...
Kelly: Vodka. Thank god!
John: Damon, right?
Damon: John.
John: We didn't get the chance to meet at the council meeting.
Damon: Yeah. It's a pleasure. Are you enjoying the kick-off?
John: Oh yeah. I forgot how much fun these small town celebrations can be.
Damon: Yeah. When was the last time you were here?
John: Hasn't been that long, my brother's funeral. How long have you been in town?
Damon: Oh, not long at all.
John: So what do you think Damon? You know this vampire problem is real, right? It's a potential blood bath.
Damon: I wouldn't overreact John.
John: Oh, I think it's like 1864 all over again, vampires running amok. I guess we're just gonna have to hunt them down, throw them in a church and burn them to ash.
Damon: That's the story, huh?
John: Part of the story, yeah.
Damon: Oh, there's more?
John: Oh, there's a lot more. See, it seems there was a tomb under the church, where vampires were hidden, waiting for someone to come along and set them free. But then you already knew that didn't you?
John: I mean, you're the one that did it.
Damon: And you're telling me this why?
John: I just thought we get the introductions out of the way.
Damon: You know that I could rip your throat out before anyone would notice?
John: Yeah.
Damon: Yeah, okay. But you probably ingest vervain so...
John: Why don't you take a bite to find out?
: It's not worth my time.
Elena: Jer? I heard about your conversation with Sheriff Forbes.
Jeremy: No one is trying to figure out what happened to her. They all want to believe that she OD'd.
Elena: The coroner's office confirmed it. If that's what they said happened then...
Jeremy: Is that what you believe?
Elena: What do you think happened?
Jeremy: I think somebody killed her and buried her body and I don't think we should write it off just ‘cause it's easy.
Elena: They're just doing what they can to move on.
Jeremy: The truth is the only thing that's gonna help people to move on.
Elena: Jer, just let it go, okay? Whatever it was she's gone now.
Jeremy: Whatever it was? So you don't think it was an overdose?
Elena: Yes...I do.
Jeremy: Is there something you're not telling me?
Jeremy: Why aren't you looking at me?
Elena: Stop it, that doesn't mean anything.
Jeremy: If there was something else you would tell me, right?
Elena: Of course I would.
Kelly: Oh god! I can't even walk.
Tyler: I know, me neither.
Kelly: Oh my god, Matt is going to kill me.
Tyler: He won't even notice. I think he's actually letting himself have some fun for once.
Kelly: Yeah, I know I just should be on my best behavior because of Vicki but I don't want to think about it. I can't, because if I do...
Tyler: Yeah, I was a dick to her, I was really bad. That's what I hate is I can't make any of it right. It's like I don't deserve to even miss her.
Kelly: You're nice to talk to me. I don't have anyone to talk to.
Tyler: I don't have anyone to talk to either.
Matt: Who knew I've been missing all the fun at the Founders' parties?
Elena: This is rare, believe me.
Matt: Is it bad that I'm enjoying myself?
Elena: No, it's great that you are enjoying yourself. Thanks for making me dance.
Matt: Hey, it's normal.
Matt: Air, I need some air. Come with me?
Elena: Sure.
Matt: You haven't seen my mom have you?
Elena: No, not in a while.
Elena: Oh my god.
Matt: What the hell are you doing man?
Kelly: Matt?!
: Mom!!!!
Tyler: Whoa dude calm down.
Elena: Matt! Stop it! Tyler! Stop it, you're hurting him! Somebody help us.
Alaric: What the hell is that?
Lockwood: I'll take it from here; I'll take it from here (To Tyler): Are you hurt? Go get cleaned up. It's okay. Go get cleaned up.
: Thank you for your help.
: Everything's fine. Everything is fine. Come on, everybody, back to the party. Let's go. Come on, have a good time!
Elena: Are you okay?
Matt: Where is she?
Elena: I don't know. Put your head up.
Damon: You wanna hear the bad news or the really bad news?
Stefan: Actually, I don't want any news Damon.
Damon: Alright, let me rephrase. Do you want to hear how the council is back in vampire mode or how I just killed Uncle John Gilbert?
Stefan: What?
Damon: Great party by the way, huh?
Stefan: Damon.
Stefan: Is everything alright?
Kelly: No. I ruined it, I always ruin it. What is wrong with me?
Kelly: What are you doing?
Stefan: Uh, I'm sorry.
Damon: You got to be kidding me.
Lockwood: Thank you all, thank you very much, thank you. Thank you all for joining us tonight in just a few moments we will officially begin the countdown to our upcoming Founders' Day celebration and it's a very special one this year. The one hundred and fiftieth birthday of our town.
Lockwood: And...and I would like to welcome back one of our town favorite's sons to do the honors of ringing our official charter bell. John Gilbert, would you please join me up here?
John: One hundred and fifty years of community, prosperity, family. We take care of each other, we look after each other, protect each other (He looks at Damon.) It's good to be home.
Damon: Look at his right hand.
Alaric: Whose?
Damon: Towns favorite's son. Look at his ring.
Alaric: Well, it looks like mine.
Damon: Yeah, and that would be a big coincidence if he didn't just came back from the dead five minutes ago. Where the hell did you get that ring?
Alaric: Isobel, my wife.
Damon: Who gave birth to Elena, under the medical care of the esteemed DR Grayson Gilbert, John's brother!
Alaric: Do you think John knew Isobel?
Damon: I think John knows a lot of things.
Man: Sorry about that man. I really am terribly sorry.
Stefan: You don't want to do this man.
Man: I'm sorry about that too. All I can do is apologize. What's that about?
Stefan: Get out of my way. Please.
Man: No girl to show off for now? I see what how this is.
Man: What are you, man?
Elena: Stefan? Stefan? (She sees the man on the ground and runs over to him.) Hey! Are you okay? What happened?
Man: My arm. I lost my balance and fell. I'm clumsy.
Lockwood: Let's go.
Tyler: Dad, I'm sorry. I don't even know what happened. I was drinking and...I lost control. I can't explain it.
Lockwood: That is the last time you ever embarrass this family.
Kelly: What are you doing? Matt don't.
Matt: I can't do it anymore mom so just go alright? You've done it before. More times than I can count.
Kelly: I'm not leaving you. Matty!
: Mom!!! Don't you get it? I'm better off without you.
Kelly: No, tonight was...God, I'm so sorry. I know I failed you and I failed Vicki but I won't do it to you again. I promise I'll get it together.
Matt: I want you out of the house and my life by morning.
Damon: Going somewhere, hm?
John: I've never liked to be the last one to leave a party. It's too desperate. You're going to kill me again or you're gonna let Mr. Saltzman do your dirty work?
Alaric: Okay, you obviously know who I am.
John: I do. Alaric Saltzman, a high school history teacher with a secret.
Damon: Sure know a lot for someone who just got to town.
John: More than you can imagine, Damon. My knowledge of this town goes beyond anything that you (He looks at Damon) or you (He looks at Alaric) or the council knows. So, if you're planning on some clever high speed snatch ring vamp kill move, know that if I die, everything I know goes to the council including the fascinating little tale of the originals Salvatore brothers and their present day return to Mystic Falls.
Alaric: How did you get that ring?
John: I had inherited one, my brother Gray had the other. This was his (He shows his ring to them) and I wouldn't have given mine to Isobel if I had known she'd hand it over to another guy.
Damon: So you did know her?
John: Who do you think send her your way when she wanted to become a vampire?
Damon: You sent her?
John: Guilty. Why, did you think someone else send her? Maybe Katherine Pierce?
Damon: How do you know about Katherine?
John: How do I know anything Damon?
Damon: What do you want?
John: So many questions. It was a pleasure meeting you, Ric. I've heard so much about you.
Jenna: Not so excited that we have another month of these Founders' Day events.
Elena: Tell me about it.
Elena: Are you okay?
Jeremy: Fine.
Elena: Are you sure?
Jeremy: I'm fine Elena.
Elena: Oh my god you scared me!
Stefan: Sorry. I'm sorry that I ran off earlier.
Elena: What happened? Is everything okay?
Stefan: Uh, no.
Elena: Talk to me.
Elena: Stefan, tell me.
Stefan: I tried so hard to keep it together tonight and it was working, it was working but then Matt's mom, she got hurt and she was bleeding and I had her blood on my hands.
Elena: And then what happened?
Stefan: And then that guy in the parking lot, I wanted to feed on him and it took everything inside of me not to do it.
Elena: But you didn't?
Stefan: No, but I wanted to. Elena, my head is pounding. I feel like my skin is on fire. I have this hunger inside of me that I've never felt before in my entire life and all I keep thinking about is how I promised that I would never keep anything from you, and so I'm telling you this.
Elena: That's okay; I need you to tell me these things.
Stefan: But I don't want you to see me like this, I don't want you to know that this side of me exists.
Elena: Stefan, you're gonna get through this. I'm gonna help you pull through. It's gonna be okay, you're gonna be okay.
Stefan: No, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry, I can't, I'm afraid of what I could do to you.
Elena: I'm not.
Elena: Stefan, I'm not.
Elena: I'm not, okay?
Stefan: I love you so much.
Elena: I love you too.
Damon: We have a problem Stefan and when I say problem I mean global crisis. It seems Uncle John has...
Damon: You don't look so good. Its different this time, isn't it? The need is too strong. Of course it would be after all these years.
Damon: Have a good night brother.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.