Matt: How's Mr. Saltzman?
Elena: Resigned to spending the night in observation, so long as I promise to change the lock on the house.
Elena: So I talked to Bonnie earlier. She and her mom are fine. Have you talked to Caroline?
Matt: Yeah, she's holding it together, considering how close she and her dad used to be. Any word on who's behind these attacks?
Elena: No, Sheriff Forbes said there's no real suspects at all.
Elena: How are you dealing with everything? I mean, you keep getting dragged into all of this.
Matt: Honestly...I'm kind of lucky, the only thing that I have to worry about for tomorrow, is showing up for my shift at the Grill.
Elena: Thank you, for everything today. Really.
Matt: Get home safe.
Elena: Thanks.
Elena: What?
Rebekah: Drive much?
Elena: Rebekah.
Rebekah: Surprised? You drove a dagger through my back, Elena. It hurt.
Rebekah: Elijah.
Elijah: Leave.
Elijah: Are you challenging me?
Rebekah: You're pathetic. Both of you.
Elijah: Well...I believe we have a little catching up to do.
Elena: It was their mother Esther who was sealed in that coffin.
Stefan: As in the Original Witch?
Damon: What? How is she even alive? Thought her hybrid freak show of a son ripped her heart out a thousand years ago.
Elena: I don't know. I'm guessing she has a couple connections in the witching community. Elijah said that she wants to live in peace with her family, including Klaus.
Stefan: She was supposed to be the weapon to help us kill Klaus.
Elena: Well, not anymore...at least not according to Elijah.
Stefan: That coffin was the only thing stopping Klaus from tearing us to shreds.
Damon: Anyone else feeling a little used right now?
Elena: Look, Elijah promised me that his family wouldn't hurt any of us.
Elena: I believe him.
Damon: What is it?
Elena: It's an invitation. "Please join the Mikaelson Family, this evening at seven o'clock. For dancing, cocktails and celebration."
Stefan: Who the hell are the Mikaelsons?
Elena: The Original Family.
Damon: It's not bad enough they're moving into town, now they want a housewarming gift?
Elena: Wait, there's a note on the back. "Elena, I think it's time that we finally meet, Esther."
Kol: Rebekah? Tell me how handsome I am.
Rebekah: Ah Kol, you know I can't be compelled.
Klaus: You went after Elena? What is wrong with you?!
Rebekah: Here we go.
Klaus: Do you want another dagger in your heart?
Kol: Again with the dagger threats? Don't you have any other tricks?
Klaus: Oh, go back to staring at yourself.
Kol: And who are you, my father?
Klaus: No, Kol, but you're in my house.
Kol: Then perhaps we should go outside.
Esther: Enough! Niklaus. Come.
Klaus: Rebekah wasn't even out of her box a day before she tried to ruin my life. What happened to peace, acceptance, family?
Esther: You put daggers in their hearts. You want them to go down on their knees and kiss your feet for reuniting them?
Klaus: So it's a crime to want our family to be as we were?
Esther: You need to give it time, Niklaus. I've had a thousand years on the other side to be angry and to heal. I'm here to make sure this family does the same.
Klaus: I just don't understand. I killed you, and still you forgive me.
Esther: It's been my dream for a thousand years that this family could be as one. Forgiveness is not a chore. It's a gift. Now, who are you bringing to the ball this evening?
Klaus: 
Esther: Well, I wish you would reconsider. It is going to be a magical evening.
Elena: If Esther wants to talk to me, maybe I should find out why.
Damon: Well that's a dumb idea, she already tried to kill you once.
Stefan: No, Elena is right. Bonnie was led to open that coffin for a reason. I think there is more to this than just some family reunion.
Damon: Can we go back in time where the old Stefan cared if Elena lived or died?
Stefan: What for? It's your job now.
Elena: Stefan has a point, Damon. I should find out what she wants.
Damon: You can't protect yourself.
Stefan: Okay fine, then I'll go.
Damon: You've pissed off enough Originals to last a lifetime. I'll go.
Elena: Hey!
Damon: End of story.
Tyler: Caroline, it's Tyler. I know I should have called sooner, I just kinda freaked out and left. But I heard about your dad and I'm sorry. I'm really sorry Caroline. I'm out doing what he said. I'm gonna fix myself and come home to you. I love you.
Caroline: 
Elena: It's all so weird. The Originals are throwing a ball. Like an actual ball.
Caroline: It's some twisted Cinderella fetish is what it is. And why does the Evil Witch want an audience with you?
Elena: I have no idea. There's only one way to find out.
Caroline: I thought you told Damon and Stefan that you weren't going.
Elena: I did, which is all the more reason why I need a drama free bodyguard.
Caroline: Well, I think a Salvatore would look a lot better in a tux. And by that I mean Stefan.
Elena: Uhh, I can't deal with either of the Salvatores right now. Whatever Stefan is feeling, he is channeling it all against Klaus. And Damon...it's just not a good idea.
Caroline: Why, cause you two made out? Bonnie spilled the beans.
Elena: I was gonna tell you. Just, after everything happened with your dad....
Caroline: Elena, when you and Matt kissed for the first time freshman year, you called me the second it happened. And now I don't hear about this til now, and from somebody else.
Elena: I'm sorry. It's just I, I don't even know how I feel about it yet. All I do know is that it just used to be so much easier.
Rebekah: Careful Caroline. It's all well and good until she stabs you in the back.
Elena: What are you doing here? I know your mom's rules. No hurting the locals.
Rebekah: Get over yourself Elena. It's not all about you.
Caroline: Oh my god. She's inviting him to the ball. Why is she inviting him?
Elena: Probably to get this reaction from us.
Caroline: 
Damon: Hello Carol.
Carol: Hello.
Damon: Hanging out with your new besties?
Carol: I'm the mayor, Damon. When the oldest, deadliest, family of vampires moves into your town, you welcome them with a smile.
Damon: Hmm, Well at least you know who you're borrowing that cup of sugar from.
Carol: I'm trying to protect this town. They've assured me they want peace, and I've assured them that I'd enforce it.
Kol: Mayor Lockwood. We haven't formally met. Kol Mikaelson. I hope your lovely town embraces us just as much as we plan to embrace it.
Damon: Damon Salvatore. Have we met?
Kol: I've met a lot of people. And you don't particularly stand out.
Damon: Excuse me, Carol.
Elena: What are you doing here?
Stefan: I could ask you the same thing.
Damon: Surprise, surprise. Nice tux. You're not supposed to be here.
Elena: Well, I am. And I'm not leaving until I find out what Esther wants. So, shall we?
Klaus: Good evening.
Caroline: I need a drink.
Finn: Elena Gilbert, I presume? I'm Finn Mikaelson. You're here to see my mother.
Elena: Is she here?
Finn: Her request did not include your friends.
Elena: They're protecting me. You may not know but your mother's already tried to kill me once.
Finn: If you want to see my mother, you'll need to be alone.
Elijah: Uh, if everyone could gather, please.
Finn: Excuse me.
Elijah: Welcome, thank you for joining us. You know, whenever my mother brings our family together like this, it's tradition for us to commence the evening with a dance.
Damon: Do you see who I see?
Stefan: Oh, yeah.
Elijah: Tonight's pick is a centuries-old waltz, so if all of you could please find yourselves a partner, please join us in the ballroom.
Damon: Don't even think about it.
Elena: She wants to see me alone, Damon.
Damon: Well sucks to be her then. Was I not clear this morning?
Elena: I was invited.
Damon: You have to tell me before you walk into a lion's den.
Elena: Why so that you can stop me?
Damon: Uhh...Yes!
Damon: It would be rude not to dance, you know.
Elena: It is tradition.
Damon: You look stunning, if it isn't obvious.
Elena: Thank you.
Klaus: I'm glad you came.
Caroline: Well, it was either caviar or sympathy casseroles.
Klaus: I heard about your father.
Caroline: Don't. Seriously.
Klaus: Very well. On to more mannered subjects then, like how ravishing you look in that dress.
Caroline: I didn't really have time to shop.
Klaus: And the bracelet I gave you, what's your excuse for wearing that? You know, you're quite the dancer.
Caroline: Well, I've had training. I happen to be Miss Mystic Falls.
Klaus: I know.
Elena: Hmm. He dances, and I didn't even have to beg.
Stefan: Well Mayor Lockwood dragged me out here. Couldn't exactly say no.
Caroline: What are you doing? Why are you here with the She-Devil?
Matt: What was I supposed to say, no? And why the hell are you here with Klaus?
Caroline: Don't even get me started.
Stefan: Took you about thirty seconds to put Damon in a mood.
Elena: He's just looking out for me.
Stefan: I think he needs to figure out that you can look out for yourself.
Elena: I need to talk to you.
Stefan: Okay, so talk.
Elena: Not here.
Damon: Stop staring. It's creepy.
Rebekah: Of course she looks beautiful. Nik gave her everything she's wearing.
Damon: Well, you're no dog yourself.
Rebekah: Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Damon: Heh. You tried to kill Elena last night. You don't get compliments.
Rebekah: Caveman.
Damon: Where is Elena?
Elena: If Esther is secretly on our side, we need to know. But I can't get to her with two bodyguards.
Stefan: Why are you telling me this?
Elena: Because Damon won't let me anywhere near her without protection. And you care about killing Klaus more than you care about anything, so...
Elena: What? Am I wrong?
Stefan: No, you're not wrong. What do you need me to do?
Elena: Make sure that I can get into that room with Esther. Alone.
Stefan: You sure you can do this?
Elena: I can do this.
Elena: When we were together you used to let me make my own decisions. You trusted me. After all this at least that hasn't changed.
Kol: Where's your date?
Rebekah: Flirting with his ex.
Kol: You've changed, Bekah. You know, settling for mortals is the first sign of weakness.
Rebekah: I'm not settling. I brought him here to kill him. He's Elena's friend. If he dies she suffers. But I've already been scolded once so I was hoping you'd help your baby sister out.
Kol: And spit right in the face of mother's rules? 
Damon: Got your text. What are we doing in here?
Stefan: Well, better hurry up. He won't be down for long.
Elijah: Elena. I understand my mother requested to see you.
Elena: Uh, yeah. Why, is something wrong?
Elijah: Well, her ability to forgive my brother after everything he's done to destroy this family strikes me as a little strange to say the least.
Elena: Do you think that it's an act?
Elijah: It has me asking questions I never thought I'd ask. Can I depend on you to tell me what she says?
Elena: Of course. I'll find you later, okay?
Esther: That'd be the girl.
Finn: You're alone. Wise choice.
Esther: It's only sage. I've spelled it so we can speak freely without fear of being overheard. That'll be all Finn, thank you. 
Elena: How are you alive? Are you a ghost? Or...
Esther: Not exactly. When I died the witch Ayana preserved my body with a spell. She was a close friend of mine, an ancestor of your friend Bonnie.
Elena: So that's why only Bonnie and her mother could open up the casket.
Esther: They complete the Bennett bloodline. I drew power from them and their ancestors who were with me on the other side.
Elena: So you've been on the other side for a thousand years?
Esther: Nature's way of punishing me for turning my family into vampires. But there is a way for me to undo the evil I created.
Elena: You're gonna help us kill Klaus, aren't you?
Esther: One thing at a time Elena. For now, I simply need your help.
Klaus: You like horses?
Caroline: I'm not talking to you until you tell me why you invited me here.
Klaus: I fancy you. Is that so hard to believe?
Caroline: Yes!
Klaus: Why? You're beautiful, you're strong, you're full of light. I enjoy you.
Caroline: Well I'm spoken for. By Tyler.
Klaus: But I thought you two ended things.
Caroline: Yeah, because of you and your freaky sire bond with him.
Klaus: So you aren't spoken for. You know, horses are the opposite of people. They're loyal. My father hunted me for a thousand years and the closest he ever came was the day he killed my favorite horse. He severed its neck with a sword as a warning.
Caroline: Did you ever consider sitting down with your father and talking it out?
Klaus: Well, I'm afraid my relationship with my father was a little bit more complex than yours.
Caroline: Maybe so. But I let my father go with no regrets. And to answer your question, yes, I like horses. But I also like people and they actually like me so I'll be inside.
Esther: I understand Rebekah shared the story of my family. How I upset the balance of nature by turning my children into vampires.
Elena: She said you did it to protect them from the werewolves.
Esther: It's true. But in no time at all, they began to feed on human blood. They ravaged the town with no remorse. Eventually, Niklaus turned against me.
Elena: How are you gonna kill him? He's immortal.
Esther: It will take time, magic, and your assistance.
Elena: What do I have to do with it?
Esther: My children believe I'm holding this ball to celebrate our reunion. But in truth I've gathered them together to perform a ritual. The first step requires blood from the doppelgänger. Only a drop. Its essence will be in the champagne toast later on this evening. Will you do it or shall I?
Esther: Elijah is more suspicious than the others, so he may need more persuasion. But they must all drink at the toast in order to be linked as one.
Elena: What do you mean "linked as one"?
Esther: You said yourself Klaus can't be killed. But tonight's spell links all my children together, so that if one goes, they all go.
Elena: What?
Esther: I love my family, Elena, but they are an abomination. I betrayed nature when I created them. It's my duty to kill them.
Kol: I'm itching to kill something. What are we waiting for?
Rebekah: The mayor cornered me. Give me fifteen minutes to lure Matt outside.
Kol: Outside? What's wrong with right here on the stairs? Make a spectacle of it.
Rebekah: You sound like an idiot, Kol. Mother would kill you if you ruined her party. See you outside.
Stefan: Easy, buddy. Don't want you doing anything stupid.
Damon: Where's Elena?
Stefan: Exactly where she belongs, talking with Esther.
Damon: What did you do?
Stefan: Ah, don't blame me. This was all her, right down to the broken neck.
Stefan: You know, maybe you should stop being such a controlling dick, Damon.
Damon: Wait. Hang on. I'm the problem here?
Stefan: You're a liability, brother.
Damon: I'm trying to keep her alive, Stefan.
Stefan: Yeah, well, your emotions are getting in the way of our plan.
Damon: My emotions? How is this even happening right now?
Stefan: Maybe because you care too damn much.
Matt: So...What are we doing out here?
Rebekah: Just taking a break from the polite chit-chat.
Matt: It's freezing. Let me get my coat.
Rebekah: This is your car?
Matt: Yep. 
Rebekah: Oh! I'm a vampire. We don't...Thanks. 
Elijah: So how was my mother?
Elena: Intense.
Elijah: And for what reason did she need to speak with you in private?
Elijah: Elena? Should I be concerned about my mother's intentions?
Elena: She just wanted to apologize for trying to have me killed.
Elijah: So it's true, then? She's forgiven Klaus?
Elena: It's true.
Esther: Good Evening, Ladies and Gentleman. Waiters are coming around with champagne. I invite you all to join me in raising a glass. It provides me with no greater joy then to see my family back together as one. I'd like to thank you all for being part of this spectacular evening. Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Elijah: Cheers.
Caroline: So what did you want to show me?
Klaus: One of my passions.
Caroline: Oh. Impressive. I take it the curators at the Louvre aren't on vervain.
Klaus: 
Caroline: What about these? Where'd you steal this from?
Klaus: Well, that's a long story. But rest assured it was worn by a princess almost as beautiful as you.
Caroline: Wait a second. Did-did you do these?
Klaus: Yeah, um...actually one of my landscapes is hanging at the Hermitage, not that anyone would notice. Have you been?
Caroline: I've never really been anywhere.
Klaus: I'll take you. Wherever you want Rome. Paris. Tokyo?
Caroline: Oh wow!
Caroline: Must be really nice to just snap your fingers and get whatever you want. Is that why you collect hybrids? A little servant army to take you places and bring you things.
Klaus: You're making assumptions.
Caroline: Then why do you need Tyler? Stop controlling him. Give him his life back.
Klaus: You know, this has been a fun evening, but I think it's time for you to leave.
Caroline: I get it. Your father didn't love you, so you assume that no one else will either. And that's why you compel people or you sire them or you try to buy them off.
Caroline: But that's not how it works. You don't connect with people, because you don't even try to understand them.
Kol: There you are. I was waiting outside for you. Where's Matt?
Rebekah: About that, I, uh...I changed my mind. I don't want to ruin mother's night.
Kol: Don't tell me you like this boy. What did he do? He gave you five seconds of his attention? 
Rebekah: You don't have to be rude about it. Just leave him be, okay?
Kol: As you wish, sister.
Damon: Elena. Did you get what you want?
Elena: Actually, yes.
Damon: Good, tell me on the ride home. We're leaving. Come on.
Elena: Uh no, Damon let go of me. Look, I'm sorry that I had to cut you out of the plan.
Damon: There shouldn't have been a plan. You shouldn't be here.
Elena: Do you think I like going behind your back? I don't. But if I hadn't asked Stefan to help, then you would've tried to be the hero, and it would've ruined everything.
Damon: Sorry for trying to keep you alive. Clearly Stefan doesn't give a crap anymore.
Elena: Now you're mad at me for including Stefan?
Damon: No, I'm mad at you because I love you!
Elena: Well, maybe that's the problem. 
Damon: No, I got it, Elena. I care too much. I'm a liability. How ironic is that?
Caroline: Have you guys seen Matt?
Kol: Good evening. You're Rebekah's friend. We haven't met.
Matt: Matt Donovan.
Kol: Kol Mikaelson.
Matt: Aah!
Damon: Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Matt: Aah!
Damon: Easy on the hand. Guy's a quarterback.
Stefan: Damon! Are you crazy?
Damon: Maybe a little. 
Caroline: Tyler, it's me. Look, I'm grateful for what you're doing, but...I miss you...and I really wish you were here.
Caroline: 
Esther: No violence, that was all I asked. Rebekah and Kol disgraced our family tonight.
Elijah: It won't happen again, mother. I'll deal with them.
Esther: Thank you, Elijah. I wish the others were more like you.
Finn: Are we all right to speak freely?
Esther: Yes, the sage still burns.
Finn: You aren't having second thoughts, are you?
Esther: Of course not, it's just Elijah. He's so moral.
Finn: You're doing the right thing, mother.
Esther: You understand what this means, don't you? This spell I'm casting tonight will bind you all together as one.
Finn: I understand. When it is time, I will be ready to die.
Esther: Then we must complete the link.
Esther: 
Esther: The link is complete. You are one.
Stefan: So uh, Esther wants to kill her whole family. How is that for Mother of the Year?
Elena: Yeah. And I got to look Elijah right in the eye and lie to him about it.
Stefan: Well, good. I can't say I'll be sorry to see any of them go.
Elena: I just signed their death sentences, Stefan.
Stefan: No, you signed Klaus's death sentence, Elena. Everyone else is just collateral damage.
Elena: It's not that simple.
Stefan: Their family has brought you nothing but darkness, Elena. It is that simple. So, uh...where's Damon? I would think that he'd wanna make sure you got home safely.
Elena: I'll call him and let him know.
Stefan: What was with him going after Kol?
Elena: Damon being self-destructive. I said something I didn't mean.
Stefan: So did I. Anyway, uh, good night.
Elena: Stefan. Did you really not feel anything?
Stefan: When?
Elena: How do you do that? Act like you don't care, like you don't feel anything? Because I can't do that. I...I feel. I feel everything.
Stefan: Elena, stop.
Elena: I'm not going to stop, Stefan, because I don't believe that you feel nothing.
Stefan: What? You think I want to be this person? I hurt you, Elena. I bit you. I hate myself for what I did to you.
Elena: Then show it! Do something, Stefan, anything is better than trying to convince me that you don't care.
Stefan: I can't.
Elena: Stefan.
Stefan: If I let myself care, all I feel is pain.
Rebekah: Hi. What are you doing?
Matt: Well let's see, I went to a dance and got my hand crushed. I found out that I don't have health insurance, so I just needed a minute to myself.
Rebekah: Well, I thought, maybe I'd buy you an apology drink.
Matt: Maybe you could just leave me alone.
Rebekah: Look, I'm-I'm really sorry about Kol. He's a lunatic.
Matt: Look, Rebekah, you're really fun and pretty and all, but I really need you to leave me alone.
Damon: Burn. Rejected by the captain of the football team. Welcome to adolescence.
Rebekah: Shut up, Damon. Knew I should have killed him. Mother wouldn't let me.
Damon: Well...never let people tell you what to do.
Damon: Besides...you would have broken him in a second.
Rebekah: Are you suggesting I can't be gentle?
Damon: No. I'm just saying that you should find someone a little more durable. That's all.
Rebekah: And who would that be?
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.