


Before Sunset







Information


season
number




3
21






Navigation


previous
next




Do Not Go Gentle
The Departed





Contents

Mystic Falls High School






Caroline: What do you mean you're ditching my clean up committee?

Tyler: 
 Klaus called. He's leaving town and wants me to pack up his house.

Caroline: Well, since when does sire bond equal mover slave?

Tyler: Since he realized you're not gonna dump me for him.

Caroline: Ugh, he's being petty.

Tyler: And he still thinks I'm sired to him. It's fine, I'll keep up the act and it will all be over soon. I'm late, I gotta go. I love you.

Caroline: I love you too.




Caroline: Hello?




Caroline: Where's Matt?

Rebekah: He bailed. Got called into work at the last minute.

Caroline: Are you kidding me? So, it's just us?

Rebekah: Yes, and you're late. Clean up committee started at eight o'clock.

Caroline: It's like 8:02.

Rebekah: Exactly. I managed to turn up on time and I didn't even get to attend the dance that I organized.




Caroline: I'm sorry about your mom. I mean I know you like, hated her and everything, but still...I'm sorry.

Rebekah: I'm sorry about your teacher. He seemed like a nice guy.

Caroline: Yeah. He was.

Rebekah: I'm gonna get started on the gym.




Rebekah: You're supposed to be dead.

Alaric: I am!




Gilbert Residence




Stefan: Going darker, huh?




Elena: It's the only color we had.

Jeremy: That's what happens when you decide to paint your dead guardian's room in the middle of the night.

Stefan: I don't suppose anyone tried to talk you guys out of doing this so soon.

Elena: We have to keep moving. Otherwise we'll start thinking and we don't want to think.

Stefan: Want a hand?

Jeremy: So, are you two like back together or something?

Elena: What? No, Jer, we're just...

Stefan: I – I was just checking up on you guys. Seeing how you were doing, after everything.

Jeremy: We're fine. But, if you are trying to be the good guy again, why don't you do the right thing and give us one day. Just one day without any vampires in it.




Elena: He didn't mean that.

Stefan: Yeah, yeah he did.




Stefan: I'll get that.




Damon: We have a problem.

Klaus' Family Mansion




Rebekah: Alaric Saltzman just tried to kill me.

Klaus: Alaric Saltzman is supposed to be dead.

Rebekah: Well, he's not and he's a vampire thanks to mother's spell with a white oak stake that can't kill him. He's strong, Nic. Too strong.

Klaus: Where is he now?

Rebekah: He's stuck at the school without a daylight ring, but as soon as night falls he'll come after us. We need to leave now.

Klaus: Fine. I'll collect Elena, we'll be on our way.

Rebekah: Forget Elena! You don't need any more stupid hybrids!

Klaus: What I need is protection from Esther's continued assaults against us.

Rebekah: We'll protect each other, like we always have. Always and forever, Nic.

Klaus: I'm not leaving without her.

Rebekah: I'm leaving now. You can either walk out that door with me or you are on your own.




Rebekah: Fine. Trust your hybrids over your family. Let your spite be the death of you, see if I care.




Rebekah: Move it, sire boy!

Tyler: What's her deal?




Gilbert Residence




Stefan: What do you mean he turned? I thought you were standing guard!

Damon: Don't blame me. Blame Bonnie the blood bank. She fed him.

Bonnie: I had no idea what was happening. Okay, the witches led me there. They wanted him to feed so he turned.

Stefan: So, where's the stake now?

Damon: Oh, you mean the white oak one? The one that can kill an Original and wipe out an entire line of vampires? We don't know.




Bonnie: If you are so upset with me, why did you feed me your blood to save my life?

Damon: Because I do stupid things, Bonnie. I do things, like let my friend die with dignity when I should have just killed him.

Stefan: Alright, so how do we kill him now?

Bonnie: I've been trying to figure that out. A witch can't truly make an immortal creature, there is always a way to undo a spell.

Damon: So, what's the witchy work around?

Bonnie: That's the problem. I don't know.




Elena: Whoever this is, it's not funny.

Alaric: Well, who else would it be?

Elena: Ric?

Alaric: Listen closely, I'm at the school, I have Caroline, and if you want to keep her alive, I need you to get in your car and come down here right away. If you tell anyone where you are going, I will kill her.




Jeremy: What the hell do you want?

Klaus: Now is that any way to treat a guest?




Stefan: What are you doing here, Klaus?

Klaus: Well, for starters, young Jeremy here could show some manners and invite me inside.




Stefan: Why don't you go up to your room?




Damon: Now.




Klaus: Hm, poor lad. Loses one questionable father figure only to be replaced by the likes of the two of you.

Damon: Yeah, about that. Something happened.

Klaus: Oh, I know all about my mother's invulnerable little creation and that's why I'm here. I'm leaving town, just need to pick up a few road trip necessities. Spare tire, flashlight, doppelgänger.

Damon: Can't help you there.




Stefan: Elena!




Stefan: Where is she?

Jeremy: I don't know, she was just here a few minutes ago.




Damon: Where is she?

Stefan: She's not here.

Damon: What do you mean she's not here? Where did she go?




Bonnie: What's going on?




Damon: Klaus wants in, we have to keep him out.




Damon: Ah, duck!




Mystic Falls High School




Alaric: Right on time.




Elena: Caroline. 
 Let her go, Alaric!

Alaric: 
 Free her yourself.




Elena: You said that you would let her go!

Alaric: How many times do I have to tell you, Elena? Stop trusting vampires!

Gilbert Residence




Klaus: I think you're probably gonna want to let me in!




Stefan: Elena's car is gone.

Bonnie: Why wouldn't she tell anyone where she was going?




Stefan: Get down!

Damon: Missed me!




Damon: Missed me again!




Stefan: Alaric.




Stefan: Put it out.

Klaus: Come outside and make me.




Stefan: Elena's not here. Alaric has her and Caroline and he's gonna kill them both unless you turn yourself over to him.




Klaus: Now, I know you're not asking me to walk into a certain death.

Stefan: I really wish we could. But unfortunately, if Alaric kills you there's a one in four chance that we die too.




Damon: I'll take those odds.




Stefan: And a hundred percent chance that Tyler dies.

Damon: I'm good with that too.

Stefan: Why don't we just figure out a way to put Alaric down?




Klaus: Okay, how about Damon sneaks in and distracts Alaric, while Stefan grabs Elena and carries her to safety?

Damon: Huh, that's a great idea. What's to stop me from getting killed instantly?

Klaus: Nothing.

Damon: Caroline's in there. Don't you have a thing for her? Or did she just reject you too many times?

Stefan: This isn't really helping too much.




Bonnie: I might have an idea. My mom used a desiccation spell on Mikael that immobilized him for over 15 years. If I can get it, I might be able to use it on Alaric.

Klaus: If and might? Your words inspire such confidence.

Bonnie: I'll get it. But even with the spell, we'll need a lot of vampire muscle to take him down. Including yours.




Klaus: Just so we're clear, the sun sets in about eight hours. If we don't succeed before then, Elena will be dead, I'll be gone, and the rest of you will be left to fend for yourselves.

Mystic Falls High School




Caroline: 
 No, no more, please, no more!




Elena: Alaric stop!




Alaric: Sit down! This keeps the vervain in her system. It's like inhaling razorblades with every breath.




Elena: Why are you doing this?

Alaric: To make it easier on you when you put her out of her misery.




Elena: What?! No!

Alaric: Isn't this what you wanted, Elena? For me to teach you how to kill a vampire? 
 Well, here's a vampire, Elena. Kill her.

Elena: This isn't what I want.

Alaric: Of course it is. All those hours you spent training, getting stronger, you could be a hunter, Elena. But you've never actually staked a vampire through the heart.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Well, this is promising.

Bonnie: Relax, Abby will be here.

Damon: I'm sorry, I forgot about her stellar track record in the dependability department.

Bonnie: Jamie said she was coming, okay. Just give her time.




Damon: Don't get your hopes up! Might be a Girl Scout.




Abby: Hello Bonnie.

Bonnie: Thanks for coming.

Abby: Jamie's worried about you. He said it was urgent. I just didn't think you'd ever want to see me again.

Bonnie: Like Jamie said, it's urgent.




Mystic Falls High School




Stefan: Abby just showed up.

Klaus: Good. Perhaps this plan won't be an epic failure after all. You know, if this does go off and we drop the history teacher in the Atlantic, I'm still leaving with Elena.

Stefan: I'll go with you.

Klaus: Really? What's the catch?

Stefan: There's no catch. I'd turn my back on everything here to make sure Elena's safe.

Klaus: And that is what makes you her better option. It's a shame it's not easier for Elena to see that, I mean, personally, I think she's wasting her time with Damon.

Stefan: You know, all this time and energy you've spent trying to get me and my brother to hate each other. It's actually had the opposite effect.

Klaus: 
 Has it? Has it really? Well then, perhaps I should let Elena decide which Salvatore joins us, being as you and Damon are so close.

Stefan: Ah, go for it. Damon and I have been through a hell of a lot worse than you.




Salvatore Boarding House




Abby: Why didn't I have to be invited in?

Bonnie: Only vampires live here.




Damon: We had signed over the deed to Elena, but she died. The seal broke, very long story. 
 Blood? 
 Ah, come on. Think of it as a peace offering. 
 Fine. More for me.




Bonnie: We called you here because I need help with a spell. 
 Esther created a vampire that can't be killed. I want to desiccate him like you did to Mikael.

Abby: Bonnie, it's too dangerous. Your magic comes from the Earth. It's pure. This spell asks you to tap into dark places. Places of temptation, places you can't handle.

Bonnie: You turned your back on me for sixteen years, you have no idea what I can handle.

Damon: Gotta say I'm team Bonnie on this one. How hard can it be to parch a vampire?

Abby: The spell allows you to stop a vampire's heart. The blood will stop flowing and his body will desiccate.

Bonnie: That's exactly what we want to do.

Abby: To stop a vampire's heart, you need to find a balance among the living. Can you handle that?




Damon: What? What does that mean? Bonnie, I don't speak witch.

Bonnie: I have to stop a human heart.

Mystic Falls High School




Bonnie: I just got this. It connects me to Caroline and Elena through our phones. 
 They're in Alaric's classroom. You should go in from the south entrance.

Damon: Digital locator spell. Why the hell do we need you then?




Damon: Hand it over.

Jeremy: I'm not giving you my ring. Let me do this.

Damon: By my math, you've already bit it once, this will be twice, wearing that thing and if for some reason, Bonnie can't restart your heart and you do indeed die, then before you know it, we have another psycho alter ego case on our hands, which is bad so give me the ring.

Jeremy: This is my ring, Elena's my sister. No one's gonna fight harder for her than me.

Damon: Fine. Be stubborn. 
 Try not to kill him, will you?




Klaus: Look at this, one big, happy family.




Bonnie: Drink this. It's my blood. It bridges us all together so that when I stop Jeremy's heart, you'll have the power to stop Alaric's. You need to make a physical connection to his bloodstream; a vein, artery, something connected to his heart.




Stefan: If one of us gets a clean shot, take it, the other two: hold him down.




Klaus: Before we all walk through these doors, let's get on the same page, shall we? I was the one who created your vampire bloodline, therefore I am responsible for your lives and Tyler's life, Caroline's life, and of course, Abby's life, should anything go wrong.

Damon: Or you're just lying to save your ass.

Klaus: I'm not lying. But go ahead, call my bluff, let the teacher kill me. You'll all be dead soon thereafter.




Stefan: Let's just get this over with, shall we?




Elena: Why are you doing this?

Alaric: Because you need me. Because you're an eighteen-year-old girl without parents or guidance or any sense of right and wrong anymore.

Elena: Look at you. How is this right?!

Alaric: 
 She's a murderer. She told me she killed someone and liked it. Now how is that right? Listen, Elena, your parents led the council. It was their life's mission to keep this town safe. They weren't dead six months before you undid it all.

Elena: You don't know anything about them.

Alaric: Why, am I wrong? Do you actually think that they'd be proud of you? 
 If you don't side with the humans, you're just as bad as them. Now kill her. 
 Or I'll do it for you and I'll make it hurt. Get up!




Alaric: I thought I taught you better than that.

Elena: You did.




Elena: Get help!




Alaric: Not so fast.




Klaus: 
 Shhh. It's okay, it's okay. It's me.




Klaus: 
 It's okay, you're safe. We'll save Elena. You go straight home. You stay inside, do you understand?




Klaus: Do you understand me?

Caroline: 
 Thank you.




Alaric: I should kill you. I should gut you like Brian Walters, Bill Forbes, and all the other cowards I plan on ripping apart. You're the worst offender of them all, Elena. You don't deserve to live.

Elena: So then, why am I still alive? There's obviously no humanity left in you, so what's stopping you, Alaric? If you want me dead then kill me.




Elena: Do it! Kill me!




Damon: Do it now!






Bonnie: They made contact. It's happening.




Bonnie 
: Ocoros Mecante, Aleora Subsitos. Ocoros Mecante, Aleora Subsitos.  Ocoros Mecante, Aleora Subsitos.




Jeremy: What's wrong?

Bonnie: Something happened. The connection broke.




Elena: Stop!




Elena: Let him go or I'll kill myself.

Alaric: Put it down, Elena.

Elena: Why? Because you still need me alive? There's a reason why Esther used me to make you, isn't there? She didn't want you to be immortal, so she tied your life to a human one. Mine. That way you have only one life span to kill all vampires and then you'll be gone. So, when I die, you die too. That's it, it has to be!

Alaric: You're wrong.

Elena: Am I?




Alaric: Stop! STOP! STOP! STOP!




Klaus' Family Mansion




Nurse: Be careful. Moving only makes it hurt more.




Elena: What are you doing?

Klaus: Draining you of all your blood.




Tyler: Elena?




Elena: Tyler, help me!




Klaus: He can't. He needs to go fetch me more empty blood bags. About three liters' worth, please Tyler.

Elena: Tyler, please. Get Stefan, please.

Klaus: No, Tyler, get the bags.




Klaus: Forget the girl and get the bags. Now.




Elena: So, that's it? You're just gonna bleed me dry.

Klaus: Yes, but don't worry, it'll be completely painless. As the last drop is drawn, you'll simply fall asleep.

Mystic Falls High School




Damon: Why am I still alive?




Alaric: Get up.




Alaric: I said, get up. Klaus is gonna kill Elena.

Damon: What?

Stefan: What are you talking about?




Stefan: Klaus needs Elena's blood to make hybrids. She's the last person that he'd kill.

Alaric: The witch bound my life to Elena's. If she dies, I die. Klaus figured that out and now he's taken her. Now, I'm trapped here until the sun goes down, so you two better get doing what you do best. Saving Elena's life.




Klaus' Family Mansion




Elena: What about your hybrids? You'll need more than this to create your army.




Klaus: These last few liters will have to suffice. You see, by attempting to kill us, my mother strengthened the bond between my siblings and I. I don't need hybrids. I have my family.

Elena: If you believe that, then why take my blood at all? You want a backup family. You know that your siblings will never trust you again.

Klaus: You know Stefan blames me for trying to tear him from his brother, but I think we both know who really came between them. You. That's why you won't choose. You know once you pick a Salvatore, you'll destroy their bond.




Klaus: Consider this me doing you a favor. Once you're dead, you won't have to choose. No broken hearts. Their family stays intact. But just between us girls, who would you have picked?

Elena: Rot in hell.

Klaus: You're welcome. Sweet dreams, Elena. It's been fun.




Elena: What are you doing?

Tyler: Shhh.




Elena: Tyler.




Klaus: So much for that sire bond.

Tyler: I'm not your little bitch anymore.




Klaus: How did you break the sire bond?

Tyler: By breaking every bone in my body a hundred times for the girl I love.

Klaus: That's impossible.

Tyler: Is it? 
 Or maybe real love is stronger than fake loyalty. But what would you know about that?

Klaus: You know, you should be thanking me. I gave you a gift. I took away your misery.

Tyler: You didn't give a crap about me! You just didn't want to be alone!




Tyler: Come on.




Klaus: Goodbye, Tyler.




Bonnie 
: ...Aleora Subsitos. Ocoros Mecante, Aleora Subsitos. Olo Santire, Dis Et Brav. Ocoros Mecante, Aleora Subsitos. Ocoros Mecante.




Klaus' Mansion




Damon: Hey, are you okay?




Damon: Come on.




Bonnie 
: En Dugas, Tuas, Animos!




Bonnie: Oh my God! Jeremy!




Bonnie: Jeremy! Jeremy!




Klaus' Family Mansion




Stefan: We should get her home before the sun sets.




Gilbert Residence




Elena: Huh, you two are really gonna walk me all the way to the door, aren't you?

Stefan: You lost a lot of blood today.

Elena: Yeah, I know, but I told you I'm fine, I just – I have a little headache.

Damon: Yeah, but the sun's about to go down and Ric's gonna be able to terrorize the streets any minute.

Elena: Yeah, but he can't hurt me. It's you two that we should be worrying about.

Stefan: Nah, he won't be able to find us.




Stefan: I'll uh – I'll call you when we get back.




Elena: I know it's selfish.




Elena: I – I know that it seems like I'm stringing you both along. But I don't – I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I mean, if I choose one of you then I lose the other and I've lost so many people. I just – I can't bear the thought of losing one of you.

Stefan: It's um – it's been a long day.

Damon: We'll call you from the road, after we dump Klaus' body in the Atlantic.

Elena: Just...be careful. Both of you.




Elena: What are you guys doing here?

Caroline: Welcome to our victory party!

Elena: What victory? We failed. Alaric's still out there.

Bonnie: We know, but we've been trying to get rid of Klaus forever and Caroline convinced us to enjoy it for a night.

Matt: You know, to be honest, I'm a little pissed none of you let me help you take down Original brother number two.




Tyler: Yeah, he would have taken you right down to the hospital, bro.

Matt: Please, I'm more stealth than that. I'm like a ninja.

Jeremy: Yeah, you wish.




Caroline: Here. You need this.




Caroline: I heard. And you know that sooner or later, you're gonna have to choose, right?

Elena: I know.




Tyler: 
 Hey, give me your hand.




Elena: Thank you for standing up to Klaus like that.

Tyler: Let's just say it's been a long time coming.

Caroline: Way too long.




Caroline: All right, let's drink!

Elena: I do not condone this, by the way.

Jeremy: You survived Klaus. All right, make an exception, you can go back to being responsible tomorrow.

Elena: Okay.




Tyler: Hang on. Do you guys hear that?




Tyler: That is the sound of a Klaus-free life.




Elena: 
 To a Klaus free life.




Elena: And to all of you. My family.




Lockwood Mansion




Sheriff Forbes: Carol, what's so urgent that you called an emergency council meeting at this hour?

Carol: I didn't call the meeting, Liz.




Carol: He did.




Alaric: Join us, Sheriff. I was just telling the council about our vampire problem. Or should I say your problem.

Sheriff Forbes: What do you think you're doing?

Alaric: Well, perhaps you and the Mayor can enlighten the group on the strides you've taken to eliminate the issue. Oh, that's right, you haven't. You see the Sheriff, a woman we elected to keep our families safe and town secure, has a vampire for a daughter.




Alaric: And our lovely Mayor, a son who is half-vampire, half-werewolf.

Carol: Why are you doing this?

Alaric: These women are hypocrites. They claim to spearhead our defense against the supernatural presence, than cover up the violent attacks committed by their children.

Sheriff Forbes: That's enough. We're done here. It's time to go.




Alaric: Sit down, Liz. We're just getting started.

Road




Damon: Yeah..

Stefan: What?

Damon: How many desiccated hybrids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Stefan: You're in a good mood.

Damon: Yeah I'm in a good mood. Klaus is dead, my brother's half way sane, again. Give or take an immortal hunter who wants to kill us, we won, Stefan. Come on say it. Say it.

Stefan: We won.

Damon: Once more with feeling.

Stefan: We. Won.

Damon: Thank you.

Stefan: Nah, you know what, thank you. Turns out we make a pretty good team, huh?

Damon: It only took a century and a half.

Stefan: What happens when uh- Elena makes a decision?

Damon: You know how these things pan out, Stefan. She'll probably make a list of pros and cons and then at the end of the day dump both of our asses.

Stefan: What if she doesn't?

Damon: Then she'll pick one of us.

Stefan: Well, if she chooses you, I'll leave town and let you two be happy and not be bothered by me.

Damon: And in sixty years, we'll go back to being brothers and none of this will have mattered. Right?

Stefan: Yeah.

Damon: Fine, if she chooses you, I'll leave town too. All this over one girl.

Stefan: She's a pretty special girl.

Damon: Yeah, she is.

Gilbert Residence




Jeremy: Hey. Everyone gone?

Elena: It's just us.

Jeremy: I hate this room.

Elena: Me too. Mom and Dad were right. Alaric should just kill all the vampires and put an end to all of this. But then that means that Caroline dies and Bonnie loses her mom, the Mayor loses her son, and I lose Stefan and Damon. So, if it makes me the bad guy for wanting to keep those people alive, then fine, I'll be the bad guy.

Jeremy: You forget that Alaric never wanted any of this. Once he carries out his plans, what if he decides he doesn't want to live anymore and he kills his human connection to end his life? That would mean I would lose you. I'm not gonna let that happen. 
 I'm gonna shower and get some sleep. Good night, Elena.

Elena: Good night.




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
