


Monster's Ball







Information


season
number




5
5






Navigation


previous
next




For Whom the Bell Tolls
Handle with Care





Contents

Doctor Maxfield's Lab




Jesse: Dr. Maxfield, please! Why are you doing this? 
 My insides, they're burning up. I'm hungry.




Dr. Maxfield: Subject 62547. After his initial transition, 62547 has undergone 3 days without feeding. Subject is weak but lucid. (He opens Jesse's mouth, wearing latex gloves.) Upper left and right cuspid normal after blood stimulus is removed.




Jesse: What are you doing to me?

Dr. Maxfield: (into the recorder) Pupils are at full dilation. (He waves the light at Jesse.) Sensitivity to light-- an obvious 11 on a scale from one to 10. (He writes some notes on a pad.)

Jesse: What the hell is happening to me? Why am I so hungry? 
 What are you doing to me?

Dr. Maxfield: (into the recorder) Subject is confused yet self-aware. Personality seems intact. Hunger remains primary focus. All in all appears to be a perfect candidate.




Whitmore College




Elena: 
 Dear Diary, do you ever get sick of me writing about death? It's been 4 days since Bonnie died-- or 4 days since I found out Bonnie died. She wanted me to go back to school, so here I am, back at school-- studying, going to class, trying to move on like everyone else. Stefan had it easiest. He doesn't even remember Bonnie, not that anybody has seen him except for Caroline, who's back with Tyler.




Elena: 
 He's been a healthy distraction for her, to say the least.




Elena: 
 And I've adopted my own distraction-- Dr. Wes Maxfield. My roommate was killed by a vampire and Dr. Maxfield covered it up, and I'd like to know why.

Dr. Maxfield: Welcome back. See you at the costume ball tonight?

Elena: I wouldn't miss it. 
 Besides, the more I have to think about, the less time I have to miss Bonnie...


Bonnie: I'm right here, Elena, and I miss you too. 


Elena: 
 But in the meantime, I choose to believe that she's watching over me because that's who Bonnie is.




Damon: Busted!

Elena: Hey.

Damon: Hey, Miss Avoiding-Me-For-Three-Days.

Elena: Avoiding you? What? We've been talking.

Damon: Texting. One time. "Want to be my plus one at a costume ball?" Winky face.

Elena: And you never replied. So I'm guessing this special, in-person visit means yes?

Damon: Definitely will maybe consider thinking about it.

Elena: It's at eight o'clock. Caroline got us costumes. 


Damon: Where you going?

Elena: To class. I'm late.




Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Caroline: Oh, before I forget, I talked to the registrar, and your major is -- drum roll -- sociology...

Tyler: How about we don't talk about my major right now? 


Caroline: And I compelled you a single.

Tyler: Definitely don't want to talk about my dorm room.

Caroline: 
 Well, we could talk about the hybrid-sized jerk that you've been for not calling me back ever.

Tyler: How many times do you want me to tell you? I've been helping a werewolf pack in the land of no cell phone reception.

Caroline: Well, lucky for you, I figured out a way for you to make up for it.

Tyler: I thought I did make up for it a couple dozen times. 


Caroline: Ha, ha, ha! You are escorting me to the Whitmore Historical Ball.




Tyler: The what?

Caroline: It's the one time a year were they put their whole collection on display, and everyone dresses up as famous historical figures. I got Stefan a costume. Even he's going. Come on, Tyler. I mean, how cute will we be as Bonnie and Clyde?

Tyler: Seriously?

Caroline: You're right. Let's not talk.




Whitmore College




Elena: Hey.

Aaron: Hey.

Elena: I'm Elena. Megan used to be my roommate. Did you know her?

Aaron: We knew each other growing up.

Elena: Oh, wow. I'm sorry.




Aaron: Pretty sad memorial, huh? Guess it's not exactly cool to mourn during fall rush.

Elena: Everyone mourns differently. Some do flowers. Others do what their loved ones would've wanted.

Aaron: Yeah. Well, what Megan would have wanted was to still be here alive.

Elena: They said she committed suicide.

Aaron: Yeah. I know. That's what they said.

Elena: So then, what do you think happened?




Aaron: Yeah. If you care about her, get her sunflowers. She liked those.




Elena: Hey, do you have a name?

Aaron: Yeah. I do.




Motel Room




Nadia: Cut to the chase, Silas. What do you want?

Silas: I want Katherine Pierce. What do you think I want?

Nadia: So do I, which is why I took her away from you.




Nadia: You can have your brown-eyed bitch of a cure for immortality when I'm done.

Silas: But you've had her all night long. So, how much longer do you need?

Nadia: Aren't you immortal? What's a few more hours to you?

Silas: Here's the thing, Nadia. I don't really care about what you need. I only care about what I need. I'm a little selfish like that.




Nadia: Then, why don't you mind-control a whole town of people and find out where I'm holding her? Right. You can't.




Silas: I'm very well aware of my current super power predicament, thank you very much, and even though my brain is on the fritz thanks to an ex-fiancee stalker witch who can't seem to take a hint, it doesn't mean that I'm not still brilliant and crafty and becoming rapidly well-versed in the power of cell phone tracking.




Katherine: Little tip, woman to woman: don't piss off the diabolical ones, and if you're gonna hold me hostage, the least you can do is feed me properly. 


Nadia: We'll eat lunch on the road. Let's get out of here.

Katherine: Or just hand me over, let him take his little sip of my blood so that he can cure himself of immortality, and we can all be on our merry way back to finer accommodations.

Nadia: A little tip, woman to woman: don't offer to hand yourself over to the diabolical ones when you don't know the whole story.

Katherine: Indulge me. What's the whole story?

Nadia: Silas needs more than just a sip to cure himself. He needs every last drop of your blood in your body.

Katherine: But I'm human now. If he did that, then--

Nadia: You die. Now come on. Let's go.

Salvatore Boarding House






Damon: So, as we know, in a psychotic lapse of judgment, Bonnie brought you back to life and died in the process. May she rest in peace.

Jeremy: She's actually right over there.




Damon: Whatever. Look. 
 The whole point is, I just happen to know a supernatural being who just happens to want to die, and in the spirit of nature needing balance and life for a life and all that stuff, I just think it would be a huge waste of a perfectly good death.

Jeremy: What are you talking about?

Damon: Something Elena doesn't need to know about until it works.

Jeremy: Wait. You want to work with Silas?

Bar




Silas: So, why did you call me?

Damon: Same reason you answered. You need help, and I'm gonna help you.

Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: From the beginning, Silas' whole bad-guy plan was to kill himself, pass on to wherever he was gonna pass on to, and reunite with his dead girlfriend, Amara. I want to use his death to bring Bonnie back to life.

Bar

Silas: What makes you think that I need help?

Damon: Well, for starters, you're still here, as in, why do you suck so badly at killing yourself?

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: To die, he has to be mortal. If he's mortal, then he's a witch, and if he dies as a witch then he's stuck on the Other Side forever.

Jeremy: He already tried to bring down the veil to the Other Side. He failed.

Bonnie: Maybe he has a plan B. Maybe he wants to do more than just drop the veil and let all the ghosts out.




Damon: She knows I can't hear her, right?

Jeremy: She thinks Silas wants to destroy the Other Side completely.

Bonnie: Powerful spells are bound by something even more powerful-- the moon, a comet, a doppelgänger. The Other Side was made 2,000 years ago, and it still exists. That means she must have bound it to something that could exist just as long.

Bar

Silas: A mystical anchor. That's what binds her spell to the Other Side. I want to destroy it. Qetsiyah, or Tessa, or whatever the hell she's calling herself these days, she wants to protect it. So, she's the only person that knows where the anchor is hidden, but fortunately, she will be at the Whitmore Historical Ball this evening.

Damon: Really?

Silas: Mm.

Damon: I thought you said you lost all of your psychic powers.

Silas: Oh, I did, but I still have my incredible powers of observation, and I observed her buying a Cleopatra costume today.

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: Back to my original question. Let's say Silas destroys the Other Side, cures himself, becomes a witch. Is it supernaturally possible that he can do a spell that swaps her life for his life once he--pfft--kills himself?

Bonnie: Supernaturally, yeah, it's possible, but this is the same Silas who murdered my father. He's ruthless, and whatever spell he could do, there'll be some consequences. There always is. So no. My answer is, definitely not.

Damon: What'd she say? Tell me?




Jeremy: She's in!

Bonnie: What?!

Bar

Damon: So, we have a deal.

Silas: Well, we have half a deal. I'm resurrecting some witch with my death, but we have yet to discuss how you're helping me.

Damon: Well, you've yet to tell me what you want.

Silas: Oh, it's fairly simple, actually. I want you to kill your brother.

Restaurant




Nadia: I've been tailing you for five hundred years. There are a few things I'd like to clear up.

Katherine: Why would I tell you anything?

Nadia: You indulge me in some answers, and I will let you go.

Katherine: Really? My freedom in exchange for a little Q & A? Hmm. Okay.

Nadia: In 1864, there was a vampire round up in Mystic Falls.

Katherine: Was there? I'm bad with dates.

Nadia: Word on the street is that you sold out many vampires, including your best friend Pearl and her daughter Annabelle.

Katherine: I was running from Klaus. I needed to jet solo. I threw a couple of vampire names on the hit list. Sue me. I also impersonated a teenager to get my ex-boyfriends to make out with me, staged a fake fight to trigger my lover's werewolf curse, ooh, and I chopped off this douchey guy's fingers with a butcher knife once. That was cool.

Nadia: What about ripping a mother away from her daughter, having her killed for your own benefit?

Katherine: What are you getting at?

Nadia: Now a little about me. I had myself turned into a vampire to hunt you, to even the playing field, to track your every move for however long it took me until I found you, and I did this because you killed my mother. It happened in Paris, 1645.

Katherine: I go to Paris for shoes. The shoes, I remember. Everything else requires a few more details.

Nadia: Her name was Lily Atoma. You were on the run from Klaus. She took you in, but when his minions showed up, you pointed at my mom, and you said, "That is Katerina Petrova. She is the one you want." So they took her away.

Katherine: You were never gonna let me go, were you?

Nadia: No, but I'd hate for you to die on an empty stomach. 
 Time to go.




Salvatore Boarding House




Bonnie: You need to call Damon and tell him you lied.

Jeremy: So I can lie for you all summer as your witch translator, but when it's something I want--

Bonnie: Silas is too dangerous!

Jeremy: And bringing me back to life wasn't? Oh, right. It killed you.

Bonnie: I brought you back because Elena needed you.

Jeremy: Now she needs you.

Bonnie: What about the consequences? Haven't we learn this by now? When you abuse magic, there's always a price.

Jeremy: What is worse than this? What is worse than seeing you and hearing you...
 and not being able to feel you? This isn't enough anymore. Let Damon try to bring you back.

Whitmore Historical Ball




Tyler: Wow. All of this and you weren't even on the dance committee.

Caroline: I may have e-mailed them a few suggestions.

Tyler: Did I mention you're the hottest serial killer in here? 


Caroline: Well, considering the crowd, I'll take that as a compliment.

Tyler: 
 I thought you got Stefan a costume.

Caroline: 
 He's James Dean. I went easy on him. I figured, between the blood lust drama, the Damon-Elena drama, the abuser drama, he's been through enough.




Stefan: 
 Hey, dance with me. I'm buzzed, and I'm on the verge of having a good time.

Tyler: 
 Have fun. I'll get us drinks.




Damon: Lady Anne Boleyn. Now, who in their right mind would cut off a head so gorgeous?

Elena: Uh, you, my king, my not-so-loving husband.

Damon: Well, maybe I can dance my way out of this doghouse.

Elena: Yeah, maybe. Maybe later.




Damon: Ooh, or maybe you can tell me what's going on with you. Come on.

Elena: Bonnie died three months ago, and what was I doing? I was having the summer of my life with you.

Damon: Ah, guilt. Don't know it, but I've heard it can be a real bitch.

Elena: I know it's not my fault that Bonnie died, but it is my fault for not figuring it out sooner.

Damon: Elena, you are allowed to be happy once in a blue moon. Besides, Jeremy was lying to us all summer.

Elena: I should've figured it out, Damon. I know that it's not the same, but I'm not gonna let Megan's death fall through the cracks, too.




Damon: Who the hell is that?

Elena: It's Megan's hometown friend, i.e. the latest person of interest in the Whitmore mystery. I'll be right back.




Elena: Hey, whatever your name is. Nice t-shirt, understated.

Aaron: Hey, whatever you're supposed to be.

Elena: Anne Boleyn, pre-beheading, obviously.

Aaron: Impressed.

Elena: So, does a costume compliment earn me, like, a formal introduction?

Aaron: Why do you want to know who I am?




Elena: 
 Did you kill Megan?

Aaron: Of course not.

Elena: Then why are you acting so shady?

Aaron: Because everyone around me dies. It's like a curse. My friends, my family-- one by one, I've lost every single person in my life. So, if you had any idea what survivor's guilt felt like, you'd leave me alone.

Elena: 
 Forget about my questions.

Aaron: It's Aaron. My name. I'll see you around, maybe.




Tessa: Where I come from, open bar meant ceramic jugs of Phoenician wine.

Stefan: 
 Okay.

Tessa: You have no idea who I am, do you?

Stefan: No offense, but actually, I have no idea who a lot of people are.

Tessa: Tessa, formerly known as Qetsiyah.

Stefan: The girl who wiped my memories.

Tessa: Nothing personal, little ex-boyfriend drama. Let me make it up to you. Buy you an "I'm sorry" drink?




Damon: More like an "I'm sorry" keg.




Stefan: You, my brother, make a terrible wingman.

Damon: Trust me, last guy to hit on her is still paying for it.

Stefan: So, what exactly, are we doing here?

Damon: Well...




Silas: Hello, me.




Damon: So you want to explain to me why I just killed my brother?

Silas: Well, Tessa's spell mentally linked us. I lost my psychic abilities. Stefan lost his memories.

Damon: And this severed the link?

Silas: Yes, Damon. I can read your mind again. No. I'm not lying, and maybe you enjoyed breaking your brother's neck just a little bit too much.

Damon: Sold.

Silas: I'll cozy up to the witch and sift through her mind, figure out where she's hiding the anchor, and you, all you got to do is keep him dead.

Damon: Isn't Tess going to be slightly suspicious when the man whose brain she just fried is all of a sudden showing interest in her?

Silas: Of all the men here, Tessa went straight for Stefan. This face won her heart before. See, a woman never forgets her first love, no matter how badly it ended.




Tessa: Ah, look who's back. Am I in trouble?

Silas: Well, according to my brother, I am supposed to hate you.

Tessa: And do you?

Silas: I'll tell you after that drink.




Silas: Good. You like tequila.

Tessa: Yes, but not as much as bacon. In my day, it was all about lamb. No one thought to cure pig fat.

Silas: God, you have the most beautiful smile.

Tessa: You're gonna stare at it all night or are you gonna ask me to dance?




Caroline: Hey, you want to get out of here? These costumes come with handcuffs, and you have a single.

Tyler: Look, Care. I didn't just come back here to get you in bed.

Caroline: I know. It's just...a happy by-product of us being in school together.

Tyler: No. I mean--

Caroline: What?

Tyler: 
 I'm just really glad to be here.




Silas: So, what brings you to a college costume ball?

Tessa: Look at me. Last time I looked this good, I couldn't enjoy it.

Silas: Oh, that's right, the whole "being stood up at your wedding" thing.

Tessa: 
 You shouldn't know that. I told you that before I fried your memories.

Silas: Okay. You got me. I might have asked around about you.

Tessa: 
 And I'm paranoid. That's what I get for trying to marry a lying, manipulative bastard.

Silas: Oh, come on. The guy must've had some redeeming qualities. I mean, we know he was obviously extremely good-looking...But, I mean, was the guy at least funny?

Tessa: Are you defending him?

Silas: No, no. It's just that you've been on this revenge kick for two thousand years, and maybe hating him is an excuse to keep him in your life. There's a part of you that still loves him.

Tessa: Now, I really hope he thinks that. I want to see his face when he realizes just how wrong he is.

Silas: Okay. I got to admit, there's a part of me that just wanted to hear you say that you still love me. That's how big my ego is, but since you're obviously in denial--

Tessa: Oh, my God. Silas--

Silas: Okay. 
 Now, where's the anchor to the Other Side?

Tessa: I don't know. I'm looking for it too.

Silas: What do you mean you don't know? You created it.

Tessa: Yes. I created it, but the Travelers hid it after they killed me. They move it constantly.

Silas: So, what are you doing here?

Tessa: My pendant is in one of these displays. It's a magical talisman that enhances my power. I need it to do a locator spell so I can find the anchor.

Silas: Well, then get to it and forget everything we just spoke about.

Tessa: Thank you for the dance.

Silas: Thank you. 





Stefan: Uh! Hey, hey, breaking my neck, huh?

Damon: Yeah.

Stefan: Pumping me full of vervain. All we need is a Damon-sized rationalization.

Damon: Oh, the new you sucks.

Stefan: How would the old me deal with this? Barrel full of laughs?

Damon: He'd know it wasn't about him.

Stefan: Oh, who's it about Damon, huh? About you? Your desperation to prove to Elena that you're a worthy boyfriend?

Damon: I'm gonna get her best friend back, okay?




Alley




Katherine: There you are. Having trouble getting that out? I grazed your heart on purpose.

Nadia: Which means you didn't want me dead. You still want something.

Katherine: I do. I want to know why you made up that fake story about your mom.

Nadia: It was a test. You failed.

Katherine: I knew it was a fake story. By 1645, I'd been running from Klaus for a century and a half. There was no way any of his minions would have mistaken anyone for me, but you know how my brain works, right? So, you must have known that I wouldn't have fallen for that sob story.

Nadia: I wanted to get under your skin, and it worked because here you are.




Katherine: What kind of sick game are you playing?

Nadia: It's not a game, Katherine. You did kill my mother, but it wasn't in Paris. It was in a little cottage in England, and it wasn't 1645. 
 It was April 6, 1492, and she was all alone, exiled by her family two years earlier. You stuck her head in a noose, pushed her off the chair, and snapped her neck.

Katherine: 
 Who are you?

Nadia: My name...is Nadia Petrova...And you are my mother.

Katherine: No...

Whitmore Historical Ball




Dr. Maxfield: You look like a woman on her way to the guillotine.

Elena: Actually, she was beheaded with a sword.

Dr. Maxfield: See? And that's why I teach bio.

Elena: And you are Abe Lincoln?

Dr. Maxfield: Dr. Jekyll.

Elena: Okay. Yeah. I can see that. So, where's Mr. Hyde?

Dr. Maxfield: I don't know. I am not responsible for my darker half.

Elena: So, would it be totally inappropriate if a student asked you to dance?

Dr. Maxfield: Who could refuse a queen? Besides, you're not, nor will you ever be, one of my students.




Elena: Major points for the dance moves, but zero points for lying on my roommate's death certificate.

Dr. Maxfield: Look. I didn't want to lie, but I could't exactly tell her parents a mountain lion attacked her at a frat party. I'd be fired.

Elena: Huh.

Dr. Maxfield: Want to know my theory?

Elena: What's that?

Dr. Maxfield: I think a vampire hunted her down, ripped her throat out, and threw her off that roof.

Elena: What do you know about vampires?

Dr. Maxfield: Doesn't matter what I know, Elena, because we're never gonna see each other again.

Elena: And why is that?

Dr. Maxfield: 
 Because there are people at this school watching you and your friends and asking questions you don't want them to ask. 
 So, pack your things, drop out, and move back to Mystic Falls.






Caroline: Hey...Here you are. 
 What are you doing?

Tyler: Look, Care. I can't do the college thing right now.

Caroline: Yeah. I completely understand. I have been pushing way too hard, and, you know, you need to make your own decisions. Point is, you're back, and we're together. 


Tyler: Do you know the reason we're together? It's because Klaus granted us permission to be together. I'm sorry, but I can't live like that.

Caroline: I see. So, this is about Klaus.

Tyler: No. This is about me. He killed my mom and got away with it. I can't just start caring about sociology and frat parties.

Caroline: You haven't even given it a chance.

Tyler: I didn't come here to give it a chance.

Caroline: 
 You came here to say good bye.

Tyler: I need to go after him. I need to find a way to destroy his life like he destroyed mine.

Caroline: You know what, Tyler? For someone who hates Klaus, you certainly sound a lot like him.






Tessa: Stefan. Come to see the show?

Silas: What are you doing?

Tessa: I'm using this pendant to find something I'm looking for, and I found it.

Silas: Good. 
 Uh!

Tessa: Stefan?




Silas: Ah!




Damon: You awake? Stefan? 
 You alive again? Huh?




Stefan: How does it feel, brother?




Tessa: Stefan...Stefan, are you okay?

Silas: Uh!




Stefan: Silas. Tessa, that's Silas.

Silas: No...




Stefan: He's working with my brother. Everything he said to you was a lie.




Tessa: 
 That's all he knows how to do-- lie. You know where the anchor is. Too bad you won't be around to find it.




Tessa: A Vita Exahi. Isespotro Adimasero.

Silas: 
 You can't kill me.

Tessa: I don't have to kill you yet.




Silas: You love me. You know you love me.

Tessa: I did love you...And then you broke my heart, and now I'm gonna break yours...
 Or at least stop it from working so your blood can't flow and your veins dry up and you rot from the inside out so the world can see you exactly as you are-- a cold, gray, hideous monster.






Dr. Maxfield: Where do you think you're going?

Aaron: What?

Dr. Maxfield: Give them. Come on. 


Aaron: I'm fine.

Dr. Maxfield: He sighed, releasing the molecules of alcohol in his breath.

Aaron: You know, you sound like that dad who thinks he's cool, but isn't.

Dr. Maxfield: Well, I'll settle for that very uncool and mildly responsible legal guardian. Keys...Now.




Aaron: Can I have some money for a cab? I mean, do you manage my trust, right?




Dr. Maxfield: I saw you talking to Elena Gilbert. Do yourself a favor. Stay away from that one.

Aaron: 
 Why?

Dr. Maxfield: Because, behind my very uncool exterior, I do care about you, Aaron.

Aaron: Whatever. 


Dr. Maxfield: Be safe.




Elena: Oh, my God. Stefan.

Damon: That ain't Stefan.

Elena: Silas? Damn it. What the hell is going on?

Damon: Looks like Tessa had her way with him.

Elena: So, if that's Silas, then he's not a problem anymore. This is a good thing, right?

Silas: Actually, no. It's a very, very bad thing.

Motel




Nadia: You're a fool not to run. Silas will find you.

Katherine: Or he won't. You're the one who said it. I'm pretty good at dodging the diabolical ones. Besides, Silas doesn't need me until he figures out how to destroy the Other Side. If he cures himself before then, he goes back to being a witch. He dies as a witch, well...
...he's stuck in supernatural purgatory. There's just been one outstanding question that's just been nagging at me for the last five hundred years. Where were you in 1498?

Nadia: I don't know. I was eight. Why?

Katherine: Because by 1498, I'd escaped, ditched the people that were chasing me, and found my way back to Bulgaria. I searched every village, every cottage, but I couldn't find you.

Nadia: You went back?

Katherine: Yes, Nadia. I went back for you. 
 It's nice to meet you.




Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Tyler: Hey.

Caroline: 
 Hey.

Tyler: Care--

Caroline: Wait. I've been thinking about it, and I've decided that...I'm not going to have this conversation again. I can't just sit here while I'm waiting for you to come back.

Tyler: I don't want that either.

Caroline: Then stay! Just be the love of my life. Just love me more than you hate him.

Tyler: I'm sorry, Care. I can't do that.




Caroline: No. No. No! Don't you dare walk away from me! I swear to God, Tyler, if you take one more step, we are done, okay? No more surprises, no more excuses, no more chances. We are done.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: So, Professor Blondie knows about vampires?




Elena: He said that if I don't drop out of school, the wrong people are gonna start asking the right questions.

Damon: Ugh, that's not good. 
 What are you gonna do?

Elena: I don't know, but all I do know is that finding out the truth about Megan isn't gonna bring Bonnie back.

Damon: Yeah. Well, neither is a desiccated Silas in our living room.

Elena: So, the only way for Silas to trade in his life for Bonnie's is if he's a witch, but the only way to become a witch is to have the cure.

Damon: Yep.




Elena: What?

Damon: Now, who could that be? 





Katherine: What's so urgent? I'm on the run. 
 Don't exactly have time for a pit stop. 
 Or maybe I do. Maybe I have all the time in the world. Katherine Pierce eludes death yet again-- ha, ha! -- and you two finally did something right for once. How does it feel?

Damon: Thrilling. 


Katherine: Damon, no.




Damon: He needs the cure to become a witch.




Katherine: Agh! No! 
 No. No. No, Damon. No, no, please! He need all of my blood. It'll kill me, Damon. Damon, please, I don't want to die. I don't want to die, Damon. I don't want to die. Please.




Damon: Good bye, Katherine.




Damon: 
 Do you hear that?

Elena: You've got to be kidding me.

Damon: Takes a licking, keeps on ticking.




Katherine: Am I in hell?

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
