


Memorial







Information


season
number




4
2






Navigation


previous
next




Growing Pains
The Rager





Contents

Woods




Elena: Hi.

Stefan: Hi.

Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: You're making a big mistake.

Stefan: No, I'm not. If I can get Elena used to animal blood right out the gate.

Damon: You're reaching.

Stefan: Maybe she'll be able to bypass all the things that we went through.

Damon: Delusional!

Stefan: Maybe she actually has a shot at this.

Damon: Wrong. You're just wrong, Stefan.

Stefan: She won't be able to handle it if she hurts someone, Damon. Her compassion is her Achilles heel and everything is magnified right now.

Damon: Then you better hope she's not a fan of Bambi.

Woods




Stefan: Close your eyes.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: She needs human blood, Stefan, from the vein.

Stefan: Oh, come on, you know what happens. You name me a vampire who didn't kill at least one person when they were new.




Damon: You name me one who went on a bunny diet and didn't kill dozens.

Woods




Salvatore Boarding House

Stefan: If she kills someone, she will crumble. How much pain do you think she could take before she shuts off her humanity switch?

Damon: It happens to the best of us at least once. We get over it, Stefan. A hundred years or so.

Woods




Salvatore Boarding House

Stefan: No, I think I'd like her to skip that part.




Damon: She can't learn to control the bloodlust, if she's never actually experienced the bloodlust.

Stefan: What are you doing? Knock it off.




Damon: It's a cheat. It's like giving a kid a calculator before they know math.

Stefan: I said stop it!




Woods




Stefan: Don't worry, he'll heal. Bigger animals are more resilient.




Stefan: Hey. 
 You did it. I know it's hard. 
 But you can do this.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: Woah, what's going on?

Stefan: We're just having a little disagreement about process.

Elena: You're still not on board with the animal plan.




Damon: Nope. I say rip off the proverbial band-aid and let it bleed. You're a vampire, Elena. Be a vampire.




Stefan: Ready to go?




Damon: Vampires eat people!




Damon: It's part of the natural food pyramid. Trust me, you're going to be miserable.




Woods




Elena: 
 I can't do it.

Stefan: Alright, it's like the starting line of a race, right? So you just push off with every ounce of strength that you have.

Elena: Yeah, but I was a cheerleader. I sucked at track.

Stefan: Just concentrate, okay? You can do it.




Elena: I can't. All I can think about is your hands on my body.

Stefan: Oh, okay.




Elena: No, no, no. I - I didn't say to take them off. It feels good.

Stefan: Yeah. What does it feel like?

Elena: It feels like you're touching every nerve on my body.




Stefan: Everything is heightened. Taste, smell, sight, touch.




Pastor's Ranch




Mystic Grill




Damon: That seat's taken.




Damon: 'Faulty gas line leads to tragic explosion at Young farm.' 
 Really?

Sheriff Forbes: Better than 'Town Council blown up. Police have no suspects.' Unless the perpetrator is right next to me.




Damon: Well, don't look at me. I always take credit for killing people.




Damon: Seriously, stop looking at me like that, Liz. If I was going to kill twelve people, I wouldn't blow them up, I'd have a dinner party.

Sheriff Forbes: The explosion was sparked from inside. This wasn't an accident.

Damon: You say that like it's a bad thing.




Damon: The Council's dead, Liz. I see that as a win.

Sheriff Forbes: I've known some of the Council since I was a kid. They were my friends.

Damon: Well, your friends tried to kill your daughter.




Damon: Who's the new guy?

Connor: Excuse me, Sheriff. Hi, um, I was wondering if I could speak to you for a minute about the explosion at the Young farm.

Sheriff Forbes: I'm sorry, Mr..?

Connor: Oh, Connor Jordan.




Sheriff Forbes: Are you with the insurance investigators?

Connor: No, no, I'm more of an independent contractor.




Connor: Can we speak in private?

Sheriff Forbes: Sure.

Connor: Thanks.




Damon: 
 Nice to meet you too, Mr. Busybody Guy.

Mystic Falls High School




Matt: So, what are these again?

Jeremy: They're paper lanterns. The student council made them for after the Memorial. We light them up in honor of all the dead.




Matt: Nobody thought fire might be a little inappropriate.

Jeremy: Yeah, I wouldn't make that crack in front of Elena.

Matt: How is she?

Jeremy: I guess she's fine, considering.

Matt: If there's anything I can do, you know, short of giving her a ride, you'll let me know, right? I'm only alive because she told Stefan to save me first. She's a vampire because of me, so I'd like to pay it back or forward or whatever.

Jeremy: Yeah.




April: Jeremy?




April: Picture an emo pixie cut and braces.

Jeremy: April?

April: Yeah.




Jeremy: You look great! 
 You remember April? Elena used to...

Matt: Elena used to babysit you. Yeah, I remember.

April: Yeah, before I got shipped off to boarding school by my dad.

Jeremy: Your dad. Oh my God, I am so sorry about your dad.

April: Thank you. I guess. I sort of don't know how to answer when people say that.

Matt: Your dad was Pastor Young, right?

April: He had the faulty gas line.




April: Sorry, I haven't figured out what to say about that yet either. Wow, I am being a freak. Um...I'm just, you know, not much for grief, I guess. I have to go register or something, I think. 
 Stupid.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: Hey, Care, it's me. I'm back, I um- can you call me? I've been having some 
 adjustment issues.




Elena: Hey.

Stefan: Hi.




Elena: What's that for?

Stefan: This is from the year you were born. I think we should celebrate.

Elena: Celebrate what?

Stefan: Your first feed. I know it was disgusting and traumatic and it was horrible, but you did it anyway.




Stefan: You survived it.

Elena: Well, um, I wouldn't say I survived it. It actually kind of made me sick.

Stefan: Listen, I choked it down for a month before I could stomach the taste. It gets easier. 
 This, on the other hand, will go down like silk.




Elena: You're so cheery.

Stefan: Yeah, because you're here and you're alive – ish. And you're gonna get through this.




Stefan: So, would you like to do the honors?

Elena: Okay.




Elena: Oh my gosh.




Stefan: Cheers.




Stefan: Perfect timing, Damon. Yeah, we just got back. What?

Mystic Grill




Elena: Did you do it?




Damon: That seat's taken.

Elena: But there's no one here.

Damon: Well, I'm just going to pretend like there's someone there, because the alternative is just too damn depressing.




Elena: Did you set off the explosion that killed the Town Council?

Damon: Am I wearing my "I Blew Up The Council" t-shirt, why does everybody keep asking me that?

Elena: Did you?

Damon: No. Anything else?




Elena: Yes, something's wrong. I can't keep any of the animal blood down.

Damon: Well, there's a shock.

Elena: I think I need your help.

Damon: 
 Of course you do. Pick your meal. 
 You've got Asian fusion. 
 Mexican. What about some good old American comfort food?

Elena: No. No, no human blood. Stefan's right, I have to at least try to get through this without hurting anyone.




Damon: Fine, come on.




Elena: What are you doing?




Damon: Giving you what you need. Drink.




Elena: What?

Damon: You're a new vampire, Elena. You need warm blood from the vein. Maybe this will do the trick. Or not. But just, don't tell Stefan.




Elena: Why not?

Damon: Because blood sharing is kind of personal.

Elena: What do you mean it's personal?

Damon: Just drink.




Lockwood Mansion




Caroline: This is wrong. A bunch of people died and we're having sex.

Tyler: Grief sex. It's healthy.

Caroline: It's selfish.

Tyler: It's natural. Besides, if we stopped having sex every time somebody died in this town, we'd explode.




Caroline: We need to be more sensitive.




Caroline: Tyler.

Tyler: Oh, come on.




Tyler: I love you. How's that for sensitive?

Caroline: I love you too.




Tyler: Who the hell is that?




Carol: May I help you?

Connor: Good evening. I'm hoping I can help you actually. I spoke with Sheriff Forbes earlier. My name is Connor Jordan.




Carol: Carol Lockwood. I know who you are, Connor, and I believe the Sheriff made it clear that the tragedy at the farmhouse was an internal matter.

Connor: That's one way of looking at it, I guess. Although I prefer the term cover up. Do you mind if I come in?

Carol: You know, I really don't think that's a good idea.




Carol: Uh, excuse me.

Connor: Thank you. You're aware that it wasn't an accident. Any rookie fireman could tell you that.

Carol: 
 What are you? The press?

Connor: Not exactly. So, twelve Council members are dead, you're the Mayor, why weren't you at that meeting?

Carol: It wasn't official town business.

Connor: What was it then?




Tyler: Mom? What's going on?




Tyler: Is there something I could help you with?

Connor: Maybe. How are you doing? I'm Connor.




Carol: Tyler! Oh my God! Tyler! Tyler, run!!




Salvatore Boarding House




Caroline: Please tell me that's the last one.




Stefan: These were specially carved; the length, the width. If you were a normal vampire, you'd be dead.




Tyler: This guy knew what he was doing. His gloves must have been steeped in vervain. He was looking for a vampire and he didn't hesitate for a second when he found one.

Stefan: 
 These etchings....




Caroline: Are the bullets spelled?

Stefan: I don't know. They're something.

Mystic Falls Church




Matt: How are you feeling? A little strung out?




Elena: I'm fine. It's just my emotions are all over the place. Everything's heightened. I mean 
 just the sight of all the names of the dead makes me want to cry for a week.

Matt: You didn't have to volunteer.

Elena: People died. People we've known our whole lives, so yeah, I did.




Elena: Is that?

Matt: April Young. Yeah.

Elena: Oh, wow.




Elena: Hey there.

April: Hey. Long time, no see. Not since...

Elena: My parent's funeral.

April: Yeah.




Elena: Are you gonna survive this?

April: They want me to speak. I guess all the kids who lost somebody can. What am I supposed to say? I'm sorry my dad didn't fix the gas line? But, if I don't say anything then...I mean, what if nobody does? My dad and I didn't always get along or anything but, everybody still deserves to have nice things said about them at their own funeral, you know? I mean, for my mom's funeral, everybody said these really nice things.

Elena: You say what you want to say or you don't say anything at all. And don't worry about your dad, everyone in this town loved him.

April: Yeah. 
 Until two days ago.

Elena: Even still.




Elena: I'm sorry, I...I have to go.




Bennett Residence




Stefan: Bonnie? Bonnie, I know you're in there. I can hear you breathing. Bonnie, please, it's important.




Stefan: Hey. You alright?




Stefan: Can I come in, please?




Bonnie: My Grams, it was like she was dying all over again. Just because I didn't listen to her about not doing black magic.

Stefan: Well, you're dealing with the Other Side. It's not reliable. Witches were probably just messing with your head trying to teach you a lesson.

Bonnie: Well, it worked. I tried to do a basic nature spell this morning just to clear my head and it just brought it all back. Like it was happening all over again. Sorry, I'm a mess, I've been holed up in here avoiding everyone. I've completely blown off Jamie. 
 You came here because you needed something, right?




Stefan: Yeah, but, it can wait.

Bonnie: No, come on. Stefan, I'm okay. You're not exactly a drop by kind of guy, just...if something's wrong, tell me.




Stefan: Alright, these burn to the touch. Could just be steeped in vervain, but this writing, have you ever seen anything like this before?

Bonnie: No. It's not magical writing, if that's what you're thinking.




Bonnie: Where'd you get these?

Stefan: I think we have a new vampire hunter in town.

Bonnie: That's bad timing.

Mystic Falls Church




Damon: I'm here. I'm here. Where are you?

Elena: I'm in the basement bathroom.




Elena: Is that you at the door?

Damon: Not yet.




Elena: Sorry, there's someone in here! 
 Damon, hurry.




Damon: You again. Stalking small town funerals?




Elena: Oh, Damon, thank God.




Elena: Sorry, I – I spilt coffee all over my dress.




Connor: 
 We have not met. I'm Connor. Jordan.




Damon: Damon. Germaphobe. 
 Everything okay in there?

Elena: Yeah, just a minute!




Damon: So, what brings you to Mystic Falls? Bible salesman?

Connor: 
 No, actually I'm in environmental clean up.

Damon: Oh.

Connor: Heard you had a bit of a pollution problem.

Damon: Huh, well, I was unaware.

Connor: Hmm?

Damon: I breathe pretty easy.




Elena: 
 I'm so sorry that took so long.

Connor: No problem.

Damon: Well, enjoy your stay. We love visitors and the scenery is to die for. 
 Funeral pun. Too soon. Sorry.




April: Sorry, you scared me. I was just practicing my speech for later.




Elena: Did you bring the blood bag?

Damon: Would you mind saying that a little louder?




Damon: Here.




Elena: No, I can't. It tastes like....What's wrong with me?




Damon: I don't know, maybe it's your doppelgänger blood. You're rejecting the transition.

Elena: I'm dying, aren't I?

Damon: No, you're not dying. You just need to drink from the vein.

Elena: No. No, I don't – I can't risk killing anyone, Damon. Maybe I'm better off dead.




Damon: Don't you think like that. Elena, you'll be fine. Okay?




Elena: I have to get back inside.




Damon: 
 Ah, great.

Stefan: What's in the bag, Damon?

Damon: Mid-service snack. Church always gets me hungry. The whole blood of Christ thing, you know.




Damon: I brought it for Elena.

Stefan: Are you really that intent on having your way?

Damon: It's not my way, it's the only way.

Stefan: If she hurts someone, she'll be desperate to turn the guilt off. Maybe even desperate enough to shut off her humanity.

Damon: What and become a Ripper?

Stefan: I can't let her be anything like me.

Damon: Well, God forbid, she's anything like me. That's really what you're thinking. She's gonna go off the rails eventually, anyways, Stefan, so the faster we can make it happen, the sooner we can get her back on track.

Stefan: She's strong. If we help her, she can survive this.

Damon: She's starving, Stefan! She hasn't been able to keep blood down for days.

Stefan: What are you talking about? She told me she was fine.

Damon: Well, then she lied. Your four-legged protein shake was a bust. The juice box is a no go. She can't even keep my blood down.

Stefan: She drank from you?

Damon: Oops! I said that out loud?




Matt: You okay?




Jeremy: 
 Hey, April was looking for you. She wanted help with her speech.




Elena: Where is she?




Jeremy: I don't know.




Stefan: What are you doing here, Tyler?

Tyler: Being sensitive to the community's loss.

Stefan: With a hunter out to get you?

Tyler: I'm not letting a hunter stop me from where I'm supposed to be.

Caroline: Also, if he shows his face, I'm gonna kick his ass.




Carol: Before we begin the Mass, we'd like to open the floor to anyone who would like to share a memory about our late friends on the Town Council. I know that April Young wanted to say a few words about her dad. April? April, are you still here, honey?




Carol: Is there anyone else who would like to share a recollection or a memory about Pastor Young?




Carol: Come on up, Elena.




Damon: 
 Don't know why that always makes me smile.




Damon: She doesn't look so good.

Stefan: Maybe you should have told me she was rejecting all food sources.

Damon: Jealousy's beneath you, brother.

Stefan: Oh, bite me.

Elena: I uh – when I talked to April earlier she was kind of nervous about coming up to speak. And now that I'm up here, I'm kind of nervous too.




Elena: The worst day of loving someone is the day that you lose them.




Caroline: 
 Do you smell that?

Tyler: Blood.




Damon: 
 Nobody move. Don't turn around, it's a trap.




Elena: I um...




Stefan: It's okay, it's okay. I got you, I got you.




Priest: Please turn to page forty two in your hymn book. Let us join together in a song.




Elena: The blood. Stefan, the blood, I can smell it. There's so much.

Stefan: It's alright; just remember what we talked about. Focus, push back, come on you can do this.

Matt: What's wrong with her?

Stefan: She's hungry. She hasn't fed.

Matt: So, get her out of here.

Stefan: I can't. There's somebody watching us.

Damon: I'm gonna go rip his head off now.

Stefan: You do that, Damon, and you risk exposing all of us.

Damon: Well, I think the risk will be slightly diminished when I, you know, rip his head off.

Elena: Stefan, I'm losing it.

Damon: You have ten seconds before I go old fashioned on the new guy.

Stefan: Don't do it, Damon. Please.

Damon: Three, two, one. Bye.




Matt: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Elena, feed from me.




Matt: It's okay, everyone will think you're upset. Just feed from me.




Matt: It's okay. You'll be okay.




Elena: Thank you.




Elena: The blood. I can still smell it. It's got to be April. We have to help her.




Stefan: Elena, we can't risk it.

Elena: Then I'm gonna do it!




Tyler: Excuse me. I just wanted to say a few words about Pastor Young.




Elena: What do we do?




Tyler: Back in first grade, I was a brat who couldn't be bothered with team sports. Didn't care much about anything that didn't affect me. But he was the one who made me understand how important it is to be part of a team; a community. Of giving yourself up for the sake of...




Carol: Oh my God.




Tyler: I'm gonna kill that bastard.

Stefan: Damon's way ahead of you. Stay here, I have to help him.




Elena: What about April?

Caroline: I got it. Go.




Carol: I have to call an ambulance.

Caroline: No, he's fine.




Carol: The whole town just watched you get shot. I'm calling an ambulance.




Caroline: Elena.




Stefan: Damon?




Damon: Ow.




Damon: Uhh, what the hell was that for?

Stefan: You know what.




Elena: April!




Caroline: She's not dead, but if you feed on her you will kill her!

Elena: Let go of me!




Caroline: Look at her! Look at her, Elena! It's April. April Young. She's not a warm body for you to feed on. She's your friend.




Caroline: She's an orphan. Just like you. She's scared. Just like you were.




April: 
 Please, don't hurt me. Please.

Caroline: No one's gonna hurt you. No one's gonna hurt you.




Caroline: She needs you. You can make her forget all of this.

April: Why did he do this?

Elena: No, I – I can't, Caroline. You have to do it.

Caroline: No. The only way you're going to learn is if you do it yourself.

Elena: No, I can't.

Caroline: Yes, you can. You just need to believe what you're telling her. Okay?




Elena: April, listen to me.




Elena: Everything's gonna be okay. You're gonna get through this. Just like I got through it.




Elena: I'm going to help you. I promise.

April: I'm gonna be okay. You're gonna help me.




Elena: You watched the funeral from up here so that you could grieve alone. It was a beautiful service. People said really nice things.




Mystic Grill




Matt: That was insane. How do you think they'll cover this one up?

Jeremy: An assassination attempt on the Mayor's son.

Matt: Altar boy goes postal.




Connor: 
 Hey. 
 What happened there?

Matt: Uh, girlfriend went a little overboard.




Jeremy: Nice ink.




Matt: What ink?

Jeremy: You didn't see his tattoo? It was huge.

Matt: He didn't have a tattoo.

Jeremy: Yeah, he did.




Connor's Trailer




Pastor Young: 
 Dear April, I'm sorry for what you're going through. What I did was a necessary sacrifice and I'm afraid it's only the first of many more sacrifices to come. There's always been an evil that spread through Mystic Falls, but now a greater one is coming. My death is but the first in the war ahead. I will see you again when we all find our salvation. Until then, I love you. Dad.




Salvatore Boarding House




Stefan: It helps with the cravings.




Elena: You're mad.

Stefan: Yeah, I'm mad. You lied to me.

Elena: I didn't lie. I just didn't tell you.

Stefan: Come on, Elena, you lied to me.

Elena: You were just so happy that things were going well and – and...

Stefan: You think I'm happy?

Elena: I just didn't want to ruin it for you.

Stefan: You're in hell which means that I'm in hell. Then you go to Damon for help.




Elena: Yeah, because I thought that he would understand.

Stefan: You think I don't?

Elena: Stefan, please.

Stefan: You fed on him, Elena. You fed on him. I know that may not mean much to you, but it means a lot to me. And I know it certainly meant a lot to Damon.

Elena: I didn't want to hurt you. I'm – I'm sorry – I – look I'm really, really sorry. Why am I crying?




Elena: I'm so sick of crying!




Stefan: Your emotions are a bit heightened right now.

Elena: I feel like I've been crying since the day that my parents died. My life it's – it's like a never ending funeral. We keep burying people, Stefan. You want to know what's heightened? This grief, I can't stop feeling everyone's grief.




Elena: All the hurt, I feel like it's trying to explode out of me.




Stefan: Hey, come on. Come with me.

Elena: Where?

Stefan: There's something we need to do. Come on.




Mystic Falls High School




Damon: What are we doing here?

Bonnie: I don't know. Ask Stefan.




Damon: Stefan, what are we doing?




Stefan: We're finishing the memorial we didn't get to have earlier.




Stefan: We need to start healing, Damon. We've all lost so much, especially recently. I think we're numb to it. We push it away, we make a joke out of it, ignore how we feel. We've never just let ourselves grieve.

Damon: So, you're lighting lanterns?

Stefan: Yeah. Yeah, we need to do this.

Damon: What we need to do is find out who this hunter is and what he knows about the death of the Council. We have more important things to be doing right now than this.

Stefan: Not tonight, we don't.




Stefan: This is for my uncle Zach and my friend Lexi and for Alaric.




Matt: This is for Vicki.




Caroline: This is for my dad. And Tyler's.




Jeremy: 
 This is for our parents. 
 For Vicki. Anna. Jenna. And Alaric.




Damon: No way. I'm not doing that.




Bonnie: This is for my Grams.




Elena: This um – is for my mom, my dad, Jenna, everyone that you've all lost, everyone that this town has lost. And for me, I guess.




Cemetary




Damon: They're floating lanterns in the sky, can you believe that? A Japanese lantern is the symbol of letting go of the past. Well, here's a news flash: we're not Japanese!




Damon: Do you know what they are? Children. Like lighting a candle is going to make everything okay or even saying a prayer or pretending Elena is not going to end up just like the rest of us murderous vampires. Stupid, delusional, exasperating, little children. I know what you're going to say: "It makes them feel better, Damon." So what?




Damon: For how long? A minute, a day? What differences does it make? 
 Because in the end, when you lose somebody; every candle, every prayer is not going to make up for the fact that the only thing that you have left is a hole in your life where that somebody that you cared about used to be.




Damon: And a rock with a birthday carved into it that I'm pretty sure is wrong.




Damon: So, thanks, friend. Thanks for leaving me here to babysit, because I should have been long gone by now. I didn't get the girl, remember? I'm just stuck here fighting with my brother and taking care of the kids. You owe me big.




Alaric: I miss you too, buddy.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
