



Plan B







Information


season
number




2
6






Navigation


previous
next




Kill or Be Killed
Masquerade





Contents

Gilbert Residence




Stefan: You're staring.

Elena: I'm gazing.

Stefan: It's creepy.

Elena: It's romantic.




Elena: (laughs) Hey!




Elena: Oh, this is bad of us.

Stefan: Yes, it is.




Elena: If Katherine finds out...




Stefan: Katherine who?




Katherine's Room




Katherine: Shhh.




Katherine: Ms. Flowers will think I'm a floozy if I have a man in here.

Mason: Why are you staying here?

Katherine: Because I like this little bed and breakfast, don't you?

Mason: I love it.




Gilbert Residence




Elena: Okay, I, um, I need to be in the shower.

Stefan: Love it, let's go!

Elena: No, just me. I'm late. I'm decorating at the Lockwood charity thing.

Stefan: Well, what do you know. So am I.

Elena: You think that's really a good idea to be at their house today? Mason Lockwood tried to kill you.

Katherine's Room




Katherine: Where is the moonstone?

Mason: Somewhere safe.

Katherine: Don't you trust me?

Mason: I don't trust anyone.

Gilbert Residence

Stefan: I don't trust Mason. I want to be there today to keep an eye on him.

Elena: Okay.




Elena: But then we can't touch or talk and no lingering stares.

Stefan: No, none of that.




Elena: What do you think will happen if Katherine finds out that we were fake fighting?

Katherine's Room

Katherine: You scared I'm gonna kill you?

Mason: No, you won't.




Mason: Ow! Kath, easy!




Katherine: Did I hurt you? Sorry.

Gilbert Residence




Elena: Ow.

Stefan: Did it hurt?

Elena: It's okay. A little bit every day to make you stronger, right?




Katherine's Room




Mason: What happens once I give you the moonstone?

Katherine: We'll live happily ever after. I promise.

Mason: I'll bring it tonight, I promise.

Gilbert Residence

Stefan: I promise you, we're gonna get through this.

Elena: I love you, Stefan.

Katherine's Room

Katherine: You know I love you.

Mason: I love you too.

Gilbert Residence




Katherine's Room




Salvatore Boarding House




Jeremy: I need to talk to you.

Damon: And why do I need to talk to you?




Jeremy: Tyler Lockwood has to kill someone to activate his curse. He's not a werewolf yet.

Damon: Wow, fascinating. Not enough.




Jeremy: But Mason Lockwood is and he's looking for a moonstone, a special rock connected to the werewolf legend. That's why he's here.

Damon: A moonstone?

Jeremy: And I know where it is.

Damon: And you're bringing me this why?

Jeremy: Do I need a reason? Look, I just want to help, okay?

Damon: What's your sister say about this little discovery?




Damon: Oh, you haven't told her, have you?

Jeremy: Well, Elena doesn't want me getting involved in all this.




Damon: And you're a Gilbert and you just can't help yourself. Wow. Your search for life's purpose is as obvious as it is tragic.

Jeremy: You going to let me in or not?




Lockwood Mansion




Carol: Jenna, thanks for helping wrangle the volunteers.

Jenna: Of course, it's for a good cause. Plus, I have always been a sucker for the Masquerade Ball.

Carol: So was Richard. This was always his favorite party of the year.




Matt: Wait, wait, wait, Tyler!




Carol: Boys! Be careful with that! It's from the 1800s. (To Jenna) Excuse me. Tyler!

Tyler: Mom, we got it.




Jenna: Stefan, hey!

Stefan: Hey.

Jenna: I'm cooking dinner tonight. Ric will be there, you should come.

Stefan: You know, Elena and I, we're kind of taking a - a pause.

Jenna: Really?

Stefan: Yeah.

Jenna: Because that's not what it sounded like this morning.




Jenna: Light sleeper. You know what? I heard nothing.






Elena: You're here.

Bonnie: I'm here.




Elena: Caroline's not coming. I told you.

Bonnie: Just making sure.

Elena: You know, eventually, you're gonna have to talk to her.

Bonnie: Could you make it a little less obvious you're on her side?

Elena: There are no sides, Bonnie.

Bonnie: Come on! Since Caroline became a vampire, we barely see each other. Losing Caroline was bad enough; I didn't think I'd lose you too.

Elena: Come with me.

Bonnie: Where?

Elena: Not here. Some place quiet. We have to talk.




Salvatore Boarding House




Caroline: You didn't eat much. (Awkward silence) Good news: Doctor Damon said the vervain is almost out of your system. So with any luck, you'll be freshly compelled and back in your own bed by tonight.




Caroline: Are you really just gonna pretend like I don't exist?

Sheriff Forbes: Yes. So please, go.

Caroline: (takes the tray and starts to walk away.) As usual, you don't care. Got it. Just like before I was a vampire. It's not like I died or anything.




Sheriff Forbes: Are you...Are you really dead?

Caroline: Yes and no.

Sheriff Forbes: How is it possible?






Damon: Ric!




Alaric: What are you doing here?

Jeremy: Helping Damon. I'm the one who found out about the moonstone.




Alaric: Does Elena know you're here?

Jeremy: Not exactly.

Damon: What you got?




Alaric: This is Isobel research's from Duke. Her assistant sent it to me.

Damon: Mmm, Vanessa. The hottie.




Alaric: Vanessa, yes. Now, do you remember the old Aztec curse she told us about?

Damon: Sun and the moon, blah blah blah blah blah.




Jeremy: An Aztec curse? Cool.

Alaric: Yeah, supposedly vampires and werewolves used to roam freely until a shaman put a curse on them to limit their power. Since then, werewolves can only turn on a full moon and vampires are weakened by the sun.




Damon: Most of them, anyway.

Alaric: According to the legend, the werewolf part of the curse is sealed with the moonstone.




Jeremy: What do you mean sealed?

Damon: It's a witch thing, whatever seals the curse is usually the key to unsealing the curse.

Alaric: Maybe Mason Lockwood believes he can use the moonstone to break the curse.

Damon: If we start believing in some supernatural witchy-woo legend from a picture book, we're idiots. Who has the stone now?

Jeremy: Tyler.

Damon: Can you get it?

Jeremy: Yeah.

Damon: See, now your life has purpose.

Jeremy: So, you do believe it?

Damon: It's the same book that says a werewolf bite kills a vampire. Ignoring it would make me an even bigger idiot. Let's go.




Lockwood Mansion




Bonnie: I can't believe this.

Elena: It's a lot, I know. Katherine's doing everything that she can to drive me and Stefan apart and Caroline just got trapped in the middle.




Bonnie: It's not that you and Stefan are pretending to fight. It's that I didn't even know you guys were fighting at all.

Elena: I'm sorry, I don't want to keep things from you but you've made it pretty clear where you stand with the whole vampire thing.

Bonnie: So that makes me the odd man out.

Elena: No - no, Bonnie, of course not.

Bonnie: I know where I stand, Elena. And I know where you stand. But where do we stand?

Elena: You're my best friend, Bonnie. I didn't mean to let this craziness with Caroline get in the way of that. But, she needs you too.

Bonnie: Not yet, I just...she's a vampire, I can't. I think we should get back.






Mason: Hey, Stefan.

Stefan: Hey, Mason.




Mason: Wasn't expecting you here. Or anywhere.

Stefan: Yeah, I had this little accident. But I'm fine now.

Mason: What did you do to Sheriff Forbes?

Stefan: Oh, she's fine too, but from now on, you'll have to do your own dirty work.

Mason: Not a problem.




Mason: Excuse me.




Stefan: What's the matter? Are you okay?

Bonnie: When I touched him, I saw something.

Stefan: What do you mean? Like a vision?

Bonnie: I saw Elena.

Stefan: You saw Elena?

Bonnie: He was kissing her.

Stefan: No, Bonnie, Elena wouldn't kiss...(Stefan considers this for a minute, and his face changes from confused to understanding.) You didn't see Elena, you saw...Katherine.




Elena: Damon, what are you doing here?

Damon: Looking for my baby bro. Speaking of, would you tell yours to stop following me around?

Elena: What's going on?

Damon: Ask eager beaver.




Elena: Jeremy, what is he making you do?

Jeremy: He's not making me do anything, Damon and I...

Elena: Uh, no. No way. No, no, no, no. There is no "Damon and you". There's Damon and whoever Damon is using, and those people, they end up dead. Whatever is going on Jeremy, I want you to stay out of it.

Jeremy: I don't really care what you want, Elena. It's because of you that I'm in this mess in the first place, so I'm sorry, but you really don't get to tell me what I'm gonna do.






Damon: Katherine's with Mason Lockwood?

Stefan: We missed it. He got into town right after she did. It makes perfect sense.

Damon: I know, but Mason Lockwood?! Werewolf thing aside, the guy is a surfer. She's got to be using him. She has to be.

Stefan: Using him for what?

Damon: Mason Lockwood's looking for a moonstone that allegedly can break the full moon werewolf curse. Maybe Katherine wants it as well.

Stefan: Why?

Damon: Well...no idea. That's the beauty of Katherine; she's always up to something.

Stefan: So, how are we gonna find this moonstone?

Damon: Jeremy is getting it from Tyler.

Stefan: Why would you involve Jeremy?




Damon: He's playing Indiana Jones. He involved himself.






Matt: She's this amazing girl one minute and then this raging, jealous freak the next.

Tyler: Look, you know what I think of Caroline Forbes. She's an insecure, neurotic, bitchy little twit.

Matt: Hey!

Tyler: But the girl's got heart. She means well. You just gotta take the good with the bad sometimes.

Matt: Yeah. I'm gonna go get an extension cord. I'll be right back.




Jeremy: Hey man.

Tyler: Hey!

Jeremy: Hey, so I did a little research on that stone you showed me.

Tyler: What? Why?

Jeremy: I don't know. Curiosity, boredom.

Tyler: What did it say?

Jeremy: Well, it turns out that it's part of this Aztec legend but I want to make sure it's the same kind of stone. You think I could check it out again?

Tyler: Nope. I gave it to my uncle.

Jeremy: Why did you do that?

Tyler: Because I'm done with legends and curses. I don't want anything to do with it, okay?

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah sure. It's probably...Just, uh, stupid folklore anyways. Forget it.






Elena (texting): Everything OK?

Stefan (texting): With Damon and Bonnie. Fill you in later.




Bonnie: Okay. This is as far as I go.




Damon: Okay.

Bonnie: What do you want?

Damon: A favor.

Bonnie: Like that's gonna happen.

Damon: So predictable.




Damon: That's why I brought him.




Elena (texting): Damon and Bonnie? Fill me in now.




Stefan: I know how you feel about helping us out, but since you're the one that linked Mason with Katherine, we finally have an opportunity to get an upper hand on both of them so, just hear us out.

Damon: Pretty please.




Bonnie: I'm listening.




Stefan: I have to fill Elena in on what's going on.




Stefan: Can you play nice, please?

Damon: I guess.




Stefan: Hey, what are you doing? You shouldn't be calling me.

Elena: I know, but I have no idea what's happening. Damon's got Jeremy into something and you've got Bonnie with you and I'm sorting stupid masquerade masks for Mrs Lockwood.

Stefan: Alright, it's okay. Hold on.




Damon: All you have to do is touch Mason Lockwood again to see if he gave Katherine the moonstone.

Bonnie: My visions don't work like that. I don't get to ask questions.

Damon: How inconvenient. Although, let's talk about that little witchy juju thing you do with me. You know, the fun one where my brain bursts into flames? What is that?

Bonnie: That's me giving you an aneurysm. Your blood vessels go pop, but you heal quickly; so, I do it over and over again.

Damon: Is it vampire specific?

Bonnie: It'd work on anyone with a supernatural healing ability.

Damon: Good. Good, good.

Bonnie: Damon, I'm not gonna help you hurt him.

Damon: Mason Lockwood's a werewolf, Katherine's evil. They're the bad guys. Really? You're gonna play morality police with me right now? Let me put it to you another way: they're a threat to Elena. So you, witch, are gonna get over yourself and help us.




Stefan: Yeah, he meant that as a question with a "please" on the end.

Damon: Absolutely.




Mason: Hey, can you move your van? I'm blocked in.




Mason: Hey, how did you get stuck doing that by yourself?

Bonnie: All the guys bailed. Something about draft picks. I don't know, I don't speak that language.

Mason: Here, let me give you a hand.




Bonnie: I'm sorry.




Salvatore Boarding House




Caroline: So, I mainly drink from blood bags. It's not as good as the fresh stuff but it beats the animal blood that Stefan's been trying to get me to drink.

Sheriff Forbes: So, you steal the blood from the hospital?

Caroline: Damon does. I've been pilfering his supply, so...

Sheriff Forbes: And as long as you have blood, you don't need to kill?

Caroline: I want to. It's my basic nature now. But, on a healthy diet, I can control it. I'm getting better at it. I'm better than Stefan. He's a bit of a problem drinker. A blood-aholic.

Sheriff Forbes: I don't want this for you.

Caroline: I know. But when life gives you lemons...




Caroline: Damon's home.

Sheriff Forbes: You could hear that?




Bonnie: Here's his bag. As requested.

Damon: Okay, grab that corner.

Bonnie: Why are we doing this?

Damon: Because I don't want to stain the carpet.

Bonnie: I knew you were gonna say something like that.

Damon: Judging again.




Bonnie: He's not gonna be out much longer.




Damon: Whoa. Looks like this guy's used to being tied up.




Damon: What are you doing?

Bonnie: You're looking for a moonstone. I'm trying to help you find it.

Damon: Oh, good, yeah. Find out if he gave it to Katherine, and find out where she is. And find out what they're gonna do with it once they get it.




Bonnie: Somewhere small. dark. There's water.

Damon: Like a sewer?

Bonnie: No. Like a well? That can't be right. Yeah. It's a well.

Damon: Why would it be in a well?




Bonnie: I told you, I only get what I get.




Bonnie: That's it. That's all I got.

Damon: Hey, judgey!




Damon: Thank you.




Damon: Come on. Wake up, wolf boy.






Caroline: Hey!




Bonnie: Hi. How's your mom? Elena filled me in on everything.

Caroline: I'm gonna take her home tonight.

Bonnie: Caroline...Uh...Never mind, I've got to go.




Caroline: Did you find the moonstone thing?

Bonnie: Not yet. Hey, do you remember that old well where we used to play when we were kids?

Caroline: Yeah.

Bonnie: It's in the woods. Do you remember where?

Caroline: On the edge of the old Lockwood property. Why?




Bonnie: I think that's where Mason is keeping the moonstone. I got to go.

Caroline: Well, I can come with you.

Bonnie: No, it's okay.




Bonnie: Sure.

Caroline: Okay.




Lockwood Mansion




Matt: So, where's Caroline? This is like her thing. I can't believe she's not here.

Elena: She had something else to do.

Matt: Is she seeing someone?

Elena: Matt, come on. No, she's not.




Tyler: Anyone seen Mason?

Stefan: He, uh, he took off. He said he wasn't sure when he'd be back.

Tyler: So weird.




Matt: I'm not even gonna ask.

Elena: I'll be right back.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Someone's feisty.




Mason: What?!




Damon: You can hurt -- good to know. I was afraid you were gonna be some beast mass with no affinity for pain.




Damon: Oh, but you heal quickly. Not good. Guess I'll just have to keep applying pain.




Damon: So...Katherine. How do you know her? What is she up to?




Damon: I have all day.




Woods




Elena: What's going on?

Stefan: You shouldn't be here.

Elena: I know, but I am. What's going on?

Stefan: Bonnie thinks the moonstone is down here.




Elena: Hey. Be careful.

Stefan: I'll only be down there for a minute.




Stefan: Elena!!!

Elena: Stefan?!

Stefan: Elena!!!

Elena: Stefan, what's happening?!




Elena: What's going on in there?!

Stefan: Vervain. Oh, God! Help!

Elena: Stefan!




Elena: Stefan!




Caroline: Elena!

Elena: Caroline, Stefan's down there and the chain is rusted.




Elena: No, no, no! You can't, it's filled with vervain. Caroline, we've got to get him out. Now!




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: When did you two meet? Did she seduce you, tell you she loved you? You're supernatural so she can't compel you. I'm sure she used her other charms. Katherine's good that way.




Damon: I thought I told you to leave.

Jeremy: I found something in Ric's box of stuff.

Damon: Ooh. What is it?




Jeremy: I did a search on my phone. It's a plant. Aconitum Vulparia. It grows in the mountainous areas of the northern hemisphere. Commonly known as aconite, blue rocket, and wolfsbane.




Damon: What else did you read?




Jeremy: Well, every source says something different. One myth says it causes lycanthropy, which sounds bogus. Another one says that it protects people and another one says, well, it's toxic.




Damon: I'm guessing toxic.




Damon: What's Katherine doing in Mystic Falls?




Damon: Why is she here?

Mason: She's here with me. Why do you ask, you jealous?

Damon: How rude of me. You know, I just realized, I didn't offer you anything to eat.




Damon: Yummy!




Woods




Caroline: I got you, okay?

Elena: (nods) Yeah.




Bonnie: What's going on? You just took off in a blur.

Caroline: I heard Elena screaming. Help her, now!




Caroline: Are you ready?

Elena: Yeah.




Caroline: Sorry!

Elena: It's okay, keep going. Come on!




Elena: Hey! Oh, Oh my God.

Caroline: Elena, what's going on down there?

Elena: Pull him up!




Caroline: Elena? Ready for you!

Elena: Hold on! I need to find the stone.




Caroline: Hurry!




Elena: Hold on! I think I found it!




Caroline: Elena! What's going on?!

Elena: I got it. Come on! Bring me up!




Elena: Oh, god! Stefan!




Elena: Stefan! Stefan.




Elena: I've got the stone, Stefan. Stefan, it's gonna be okay, everything's gonna be okay.

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: Why do you want the moonstone?

Mason: Screw you!

Damon: Ahhh! Wrong answer!

Jeremy: If he was gonna say anything, he would have already!

Damon: I'm taking your eyes now.

Mason: The well! You can find it there.




Damon: I know where it is. I want to know what it does and why you want it.

Mason: I'm getting it for Katherine.

Damon: Why?

Mason: She's gonna use it to lift the curse.

Damon: Of the moon? Now, why would a vampire help a werewolf break a curse that keeps them from turning whenever they want?

Mason: So I wouldn't have to turn anymore.

Damon: Why?

Mason: Because she loves me.




Damon: Now - now I get it. You're just stupid. Katherine doesn't love you. She's using you, you moron.

Mason: I'm done talking.

Damon: Yes, you are.




Damon: It's time to take a walk, Jeremy.

Jeremy: I'm staying.

Damon: No, you should go.

Jeremy: I'm staying, Damon. He's had enough.




Mason: Just help Tyler. Don't let this happen to him.

Jeremy: Damon...




Damon: You wanted to be a part of this? Well, here it is! Kill or be killed! The guy is a werewolf; he'd kill me the first chance he got! So, you suck it up or leave.




Damon: He wants me to kill him, anyway. Don't you, Mason? It really is a curse, isn't it?




Damon: You know, I look at you I see myself. A less dashing, less intelligent version.

Mason: I love her!

Damon: Oh, I know! I've been where you are. But Katherine will only rip your heart out. Let me do it for her.




Gilbert Residence




Jenna: You're pretty handy with that thing.

Alaric: Yeah, well, it's a skill. (laughs) Here.




Alaric: Where's the, um, where's the sea salt?

Jenna: Table.




Salvatore Boarding House




Caroline: So I pulled Stefan out of this well and he's all vervained and just rotted, but Bonnie wasn't mean to me once and I just - I really think it's progress, you know? I just...what? I'm freaking you out.

Sheriff Forbes: It's just that you've become this person...

Caroline: Don't. Don't. We...We're just starting to get along...

Sheriff Forbes: This strong, this confident person.

Caroline: Oh. Thank you.

Sheriff Forbes: You don't have to take my memories away. I'll keep your secret. Look, if you're worried about them, just say you compelled me. I won't tell. I cannot do anything to hurt you.

Caroline: We never talk like this. Ever. And today meant so much to me.

Sheriff Forbes: Me too.

Caroline: I know.




Caroline: I know I can trust you, but you're never going to trust them.




Caroline: I'm going to take you home. You're going to forget that I'm a vampire.

Sheriff Forbes: I'm going to forget that you're a vampire.

Caroline: You'll remember you got sick with the flu. You had a fever, chills and ickiness, but I made you soup and it was really salty. We bickered. You got better and then your selfish little daughter, who loves you no matter what, went right back to ignoring you and all is right in the world.




Damon: All this for that?

Stefan: Yep.




Stefan: I see you've exercised your usual restraint.

Damon: Had to be done.




Damon: "Carol, big opportunity in Florida, I'm gonna be gone for a long time. Will send for my things once I get settled. Much love, Mason"

Stefan: Let's get rid of the body.

Damon: Oh, last number dialed. I wonder who that could possibly be?




Stefan: No, no, no! Don't provoke her!




Katherine: Mason, you should have been here an hour ago.




Damon: Wrong boy toy.

Katherine: Damon. For once you've surprised me. I assume Mason is with you?

Damon: He's right beside me! Although, his heart's across the room.

Katherine: You shouldn't have.

Damon: I've had a very busy day today. I killed a werewolf, found a moonstone. Hey, did you know that he hid the moonstone in the bottom of a well full of vervain? I guess he didn't trust you very much. Although, he did love you. Poor guy. Hey, where are you? Because, you know, I could bring him over. Last goodbyes and all that.

Katherine: You have no idea what you've just done.

Damon: Aww, did I put a kink in your master plan? I'm so sorry.

Katherine: Do you honestly believe that I don't have a plan B? And if that fails, a plan C, then a plan D, and...you know how the alphabet works, don't you? Send my love to Stefan.




Gilbert Residence




Elena: Where is Jeremy?

Alaric: Oh, he went straight up to his room. He said he wasn't hungry.




Elena: Who is she talking to?

Alaric: I don't know. Everything go okay today?

Elena: There were a few hiccups, but yeah.

Jenna: (on the phone) Of course, I understand. Elena, it's for you.




Elena: Who is it?




Elena: Hello?

Katherine: Hello, Elena.




Elena: Katherine.

Katherine: Did you enjoy your little rendezvous with Stefan this morning? I will always know, Elena. I will always be one step ahead of you. When are you gonna figure that out? Do you know how easy it was to get inside of your house? To replace Aunt Jenna's vervain perfume, to convince her to stop drinking her special tea?




Elena: No.

Katherine: Jenna's been my little spy for days now. But unlike you, Jenna actually listens to me. So when I suggested that the world would be a much better place if she were to just...




Elena: Jenna, no!




Alaric: Jenna! Jenna!




Katherine: Well, you get the idea.




Mystic Falls Hospital




Jeremy: Is she okay?

Elena: The doctors told Alaric that she got lucky. She's gonna make it. She's gonna be okay.

Jeremy: Does she remember what happened?

Elena: No, nothing. It's all a part of Katherine's mind compulsion.

Jeremy: Why would Katherine hurt Jenna?

Elena: Because she's trying to send a message. That she could get to anybody.




Jeremy: Hey, hey, hey, come here.




Jeremy: It's gonna be okay.

Elena: No, it's not.

Jeremy: She's gonna pay, Elena. I don't know how but she's gonna pay.

Lockwood Mansion




Tyler: It looks good.

Carol: Thanks. It was nice to see Matt today. He hasn't been around for a while.

Tyler: We've both been busy, I guess. Have you seen Mason? The guy's been AWOL all day.

Carol: Actually Tyler, Mason headed back to Florida.

Tyler: What?

Carol: I'm sorry, honey. I know how much you two hit it off.

Tyler: So he just left?

Carol: I was hoping he'd stick around...I thought that with your dad gone...anyway, he's gone. So, I guess it's just you and me now.




Salvatore Boarding House




Stefan: I'm so sorry.

Elena: We were stupid. Sneaking around, thinking that we weren't gonna get caught.

Stefan: I know.

Elena: We did this. Stefan, Jenna's in the hospital and Jeremy could be next. All because we didn't - we didn't listen to her. Because - because we're together. Stefan...

Stefan: I know what you're gonna say to me.




Elena: Then let me say it. I've been so selfish because I love you so much and I know how much you love me. But it's over. Stefan, it has to be.

Stefan: Elena, I...

Elena: Don't, Stefan.




Elena: It has to be.




Damon: Elena. I riled Katherine up. I - I wasn't thinking. I didn't think.

Elena: It doesn't matter, Damon. She won. Katherine won.




Katherine's Room




Katherine: I apologize if I seem rattled. Circumstances have changed suddenly, and I had to adjust. (She sits on the bed.) Mind control is a necessary evil. You see, I need a werewolf, and I've lost the one that I had. Now, tell me what you're going to do to help me get a new one.




Matt: I'm going to go after Tyler Lockwood.




Katherine: And you're not going to stop.

Matt: And I'm not going to stop.

Katherine: Until?

Matt: Until he kills me.




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
