


Stand By Me







Information


season
number




4
15






Navigation


previous
next




Down the Rabbit Hole
Bring It On





Contents

Gilbert Residence




Silas' Tomb




Elena: Jeremy! Oh, no. No. No. Oh, god, no. Oh god...
 It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. You're gonna be okay. The ring will bring you back. It's okay. It's okay. You're gonna be okay. You're gonna be okay, Jeremy. You're gonna be fine.




Upper Cave Chamber

Damon: How'd this happen?

Stefan: It was Katherine. She must have been following us this whole time.

Damon: What about the cure, or Silas?

Stefan: If there was anything in there at all, it's all gone.

Damon: Where the hell is Bonnie?

Stefan: I have no idea. She went looking for Jeremy last night. She never came back. Damon, Elena is in there waiting for the Gilbert ring to bring Jeremy back to life.

Damon: Okay, fine. I'll wait with her.




Stefan: Damon, listen to me. Jeremy was one of the Five, a hunter.

Damon: He's supernatural. The ring won't work anymore. 
 She won't survive this. I'll find Bonnie. You get Elena off this island.

Gilbert Residence




Caroline: 
 Hey, you're home. I was trying to clean the burn mark where Kol-- 
 I couldn't get the spot out.




Elena: Come on. Let's get him upstairs.




Stefan: Can I get you anything?

Elena: No. I'm fine. I'm just gonna sit here and wait with him until he wakes up. Let me know if you hear anything about Bonnie, okay?

Stefan: 
 Yeah, sure.




Island




Damon: Unless you're a blonde, a Bennett witch, or a doppelgänger, I suggest you steer clear.




Rebekah: Where is it? The cure? I know someone has it.

Damon: Yeah, someone - Katherine.

Rebekah: Katherine? The doppelgänger?

Damon: Yeah. Sneaky little bitch must've been spying on us for weeks. She killed Jeremy...or somebody did. 
 He killed your brother. Let's not with the fake sad face.

Rebekah: I didn't say I was going to miss him, but I'm not heartless. He was Elena's only family.

Damon: Good. Well, you can send flowers after you help me find Bonnie. 


Rebekah: We need to find Katherine.

Damon: If there's one thing that's a guarantee in this miserable little world, it's that Katherine Pierce is gone. We need to find Bonnie. Oh, and beware of the immortal Silas. If he was asleep in that cave, he's awake now.




Island Woods




Prof. Shane: 
 Don't touch it. 
 I used some of the island's herbs and berries to help treat the wound, but not being an actual witch, I can't guarantee much.




Bonnie: How are you healed?

Prof. Shane: It was Silas. He helped me. You did it, Bonnie. He's risen. 


Bonnie: Get away from me.

Prof. Shane: I know you're angry with me, okay? But now you'll see everything I did, all those lives lost, they weren't in vain. Silas is gonna bring them back.

Bonnie: What you want to do isn't natural, Shane. You can't bring back the dead.

Prof. Shane: I think you'll change your mind now.

Bonnie: What do you mean, "now"?

Prof. Shane: When Silas awoke, he had to feed to gain his strength. He'd been desiccating for almost 2,000 years. He needed blood. Jeremy was there.

Bonnie: What are you saying?

Prof. Shane: He...

Bonnie: 
 What are you saying to me?

Prof. Shane: He drained him of his blood, Bonnie. Jeremy is dead.




Gilbert Residence




Caroline: How long has she been like that?

Stefan: Ever since we found his body. She hasn't said anything except that she's waiting for him to wake up.

Caroline: But he's not going to wake up. She knows that, right?




Stefan: Look. Deep down, I think she has to, but we're talking about Elena here. She feels grief more powerfully than anyone else. I think her denial is the one thing protecting her from letting it all in.

Caroline: But she can't stay like that forever.

Stefan: I know, but I don't want to be the one to break her out of it, not until we know that Bonnie is safe, not until we get Damon over here to, you know--

Caroline: Use the sire bond to convince her that everything is okay?




Elena: I'm not in denial. 
 I know that he was supernatural, but did you see? His tattoo is gone. The tattoo had the spell that opened Silas' chamber. Maybe it being gone means that he's fulfilled his supernatural destiny. Maybe he's back to normal. It's possible, right?

Caroline: Elena--

Elena: It's possible, Caroline. There's a chance. It may be miniscule, but it's hope and I'm gonna hold on to that hope with everything that I've got because there's no way that m-- 
 There's absolutely no way that my brother is dead. 
 I'm not in denial.




Caroline: Hey. I know that I'm not supposed to be calling, but something happened, and I need to talk to you, Tyler. So please call me. 


Stefan: 
 Do you know where he is?

Caroline: As far away from Klaus as he can get. Klaus said he wouldn't stop until he found him.

Stefan: Well, Katherine's been running from Klaus for 500 years. It's not easy, but it's possible. It's probably why she stole the cure. She wants to bargain for her freedom.

Caroline: I just can't believe after all that, the cure is just gone.

Stefan: Yeah. I mean, talk about denial. In my head, I was thinking there was no way Elena was gonna stay a vampire forever...And now without any family.

Caroline: Well, we can't think about that right now. We need to make plans, lists. We need a funeral or a cover story, or a funeral and a cover story. I should go tell my mom. I guess she'll know what to do.

Stefan: We should get Matt over here.

Caroline: You're right. I will do that. I will call Matt, and then I will go tell my mom, and then I will make a list or a casserole or-- I don't know-- whatever people are supposed to do or make in these situations. 
 What's that smell?




Stefan: It's his body. He's starting to decompose. Tell your mom to get Dr. Fell over here.

Island




Rebekah: Do you think Bonnie is dead?

Damon: Never thought I'd say this, but I hope not.

Rebekah: I don't like being out in the open like this.

Damon: What, afraid of the big, bad Silas?

Rebekah: No.

Damon: 
 Scaredy cat!

Rebekah: I'm not a scaredy cat. My brother Kol drove himself mad worrying about Silas rising. It would benefit us all to be a bit concerned, and you're one to talk about being afraid. You're so scared, you're 1,200 miles away from where you're supposed to be.

Damon: Hey, somebody needed to find Bonnie.

Rebekah: Stefan could've done that. Aren't you Elena's current love? It's so hard to keep track these days. Shouldn't you be home comforting her, or are you terrified of being there when she realizes her brother is dead?




Rebekah: Ow!

Damon: Sorry. Better you than me.




Damon: Mm, just the guy I wanted to see. Not really.




Island Woods




Prof. Shane: Bonnie, here. Drink this. It'll calm you down.

Bonnie: 
 I don't want any of your stupid teas, Shane.

Prof. Shane: Bonnie--

Bonnie: 
 Jeremy's dead. 


Prof. Shane: Bonnie, be careful. Don't let your magic get out of control. 
 Bonnie. Bonnie! Hey, I am not gonna let you fall apart. I'm not gonna let you. 
 Silas needs you. He can bring Jeremy back. 
 He can bring everyone back, and you're gonna help him, okay? You're gonna see Jeremy again.




Gilbert Residence




Meredith: Elena?

Elena: Meredith? What are you doing here?

Meredith: I came to check on your brother. May I?

Elena: 
 Yeah. Um...
 You're not gonna find any vitals. It's the same thing that Ric used to go through. He'd just be dead until then he wasn't. Once, I remember he was gone for almost an entire day. 
 Ric died, like, 4 times before he lost his mind and Jeremy has died a few times, too-- 3, I think-- so we're gonna have to-- 
 --so we'll have to keep an eye on him because I don't want him to go crazy just like Ric did.




Meredith: 
 Elena...it looks like Jeremy died of extreme blood loss. His neck also appears to be broken. The lack of blood explains why there's no lividity, but his muscles have tightened past the point of rigor mortis.

Elena: No.

Meredith: If he's left unattended to, soon he'll start to bloat. Within a few hours, his skin will discolor, and--

Elena: No. He's-- Stop, okay? 
 Just stop. He's not dead.

Meredith: I need you to release the body to me. We'll get him to a funeral home and prepare him for a viewing where you and his friends can say goodbye to him.




Elena: He's not dead, okay?

Stefan: 
 Elena, stop it.

Elena: 
 Now you're all about science? Where was your science when you used vampire blood to save my life, huh? There is no science here. It's just magic. We need magic. We have to find Bonnie. Bonnie can fix this. Somebody just get me Bonnie!

Matt: 
 Elena--




Elena: No. No. No, Matt. It's fine. 
 It's okay. It's okay. 
 Bonnie will be here soon, and she'll fix everything, and it'll be all fine. Everything's gonna be fine. 
 It'll be fine. It'll be fine.




Elena: You're not dosing me again, are you?

Matt: Poison your best friend once, and suspicion follows you forever. 
 Where are Bonnie and Damon?

Elena: We lost Bonnie on the island. Damon stayed back to try and find her.

Matt: That's funny. Doesn't he hate her?

Elena: He doesn't hate her. I think he actually kind of loves her. You're mean to the people that you care about.

Matt: That's some messed-up logic.

Elena: Damon logic.

Matt: 
 Damon logic. 
 Listen. I want you to go somewhere with me.

Elena: I can't leave Jeremy.

Matt: Elena...There's nothing you can do right now, okay? Stefan can stay here with him. Come with me. 
 Please. 


Island




Damon: Here's the thing. I was completely willing to accept the fact that you were one man on a lonely mission to kill ol' Silas, and then I got boned by my vixen nemesis Miss Katherine Pierce, and then I start thinking there's no way that this is a coincidence. So what do you know, huh? 
 Took you long enough.

Rebekah: Sorry. I had to dig the arrow out of my spine. Thank you for that.

Damon: Well, if you want a lead on Katherine Pierce, here's your guy. 


Vaughn: Torture me all you want. 
 You can't kill me. The hunter's curse will torment you forever.

Damon: It'll be worth it.

Rebekah: He's right. You can't kill him, but that doesn't mean we can't tear him apart piece by piece, nerve by nerve until the pain is so severe, that your brain shuts it off to give you one tiny moment of blessed relief, and then we'll heal you and do it again and again and again.

Damon: You are creepy.

Rebekah: Thank you.

Vaughn: 
 I was tracking dens of vampires across Colorado. Katherine found me, said she could help me find Silas. She already knew about the hunter's mark, the cure.

Rebekah: How?

Vaughn: Oh, she had someone on the inside, some werewolf girl, friends with your professor.

Damon: Hayley, Tyler Lockwood's old friend. Ah, I knew she was shady. Where'd Katherine find her?

Vaughn: New Orleans. That's all I know.

Damon: 
 Ah. Good. Let's throw him in the well. If he starves to death, it's not our fault. I'm gonna go find Bonnie.

Rebekah: We've got a lead on the cure, Damon. I'm gonna find it, but I suppose you don't mind. You never wanted Elena to be human again, anyway.

Damon: I wanted that cure for her because it's what she wanted. You might think I'm afraid to go back, but I'm not because I know what she needs. She needs me to bring her best friend home.




Island Woods




Prof. Shane: We got to get you home if you're gonna help Silas raise the dead.

Bonnie: I don't understand what I can do.

Prof. Shane: Well, Silas can't do magic. He was a witch, but after he became immortal, that ended. He can be a witch or a vampire, but never both. That's why I've been teaching you Expression, so you can do his work for him.

Bonnie: What? How?

Prof. Shane: 
 Using the power of 3 massacres. Each massacre of 12 marks the earth with power, and you can use Expression to tap into that power.

Bonnie: Three? 
 You've had 36 people killed?

Prof. Shane: No. I've had 24 people killed-- 12 humans at the Young farm, 12 hybrids. You and I are gonna complete the triangle.

Bonnie: We're what?

Prof. Shane: Look, there needs to be another massacre, but it's okay. They're gonna come back. It's worth it.

Bonnie: 
 I'm not helping you kill 12 people, Shane.

Prof. Shane: 
 Won't you, if it meant you could see Jeremy again, your grams, everybody you or your friends have ever lost? I think you would.

Bonnie: 
 No.




Jeremy: Bonnie?

Bonnie: Jeremy?

Jeremy: It hurts.

Bonnie: Jeremy.

Jeremy: Help me.

Bonnie: I can help you. I'll help you. I can help you. 


Bonnie: No. 


Prof. Shane: 
 He asked you to help him, didn't he? He needs your help. You can do this, Bonnie. You know you can.

Bonnie: 
 I'll do whatever it takes.

Gilbert Residence




Meredith: I'm bumping the A/C. We're not gonna be able to leave him in there for much longer.

Stefan: Yeah, I know. 
 I've been alive for almost two centuries now. You'd think with the amount of people that I've seen die, it would hurt less each time. Never does.

Meredith: No. No, it never does. 
 I see this every day. Sometimes I think that denial is the worst part for people like us, because we know the truth. We can see they're on a collision course with it, and all we can do is brace ourselves for impact.




Stefan: 
 Did you find her?

Damon: 
 I'm still looking. 
 How is she?

Stefan: 
 She's losing it, Damon. 
 We can do what we can to delay things here, but we've got to get Jeremy to the morgue before it gets ugly.

Damon: 
 Damn it. I can't-- I can't just leave her behind. I can't-- I can't show up without Bonnie.

Stefan: 
 I think you have to. 
 At this point, the sire bond is probably the only thing that's gonna keep Elena together. I can go back to find Bonnie.

Damon: 
 I'm on my way. 


Island


 I could actually hug you right now. 
 Where have you been? How'd you find me?

Bonnie: 
 Shane led the way. He told me what to do, Damon. I know how to bring Jeremy back.

Mystic Falls High School




Elena: You brought me to the stoner pit?

Matt: 
 I want you to see something.




Elena: Vicki.

Matt: Remember when Jer was so into my sister?

Elena: 
 When our parents died. It was his rebel phase.

Matt: I found this after Vick died. It made me smile...and this.




Elena: Jeremy and Vicki. Did he do that?

Matt: 
 After they found Vick's body, I remember thinking that things didn't feel over, you know, that there was no possible way that she could be gone forever. And then she wasn't. My point is, this town, this crazy-ass world we live in, sometimes not being willing to accept that someone is gone, is because maybe they're not...at least not completely.

Elena: Is that really what you believe?

Matt: 
 Yes.

Elena: If I compelled you to tell me the truth, is that what you would say?

Matt: I would tell you that it's okay to have hope...because sometimes that's all that keeps me going.

Elena: 
 Thanks, Matt.




Elena: 
 Stefan?

Stefan: 
 Hey. 
 Damon found Bonnie. 
 The plane is there waiting for them when they get off the island. They'll be home in a few hours.

Elena: Thank god. Is she okay?

Stefan: Yeah, he said she's fine. Listen, Elena. You might have been right. There might be something.

Elena: She knows what to do, doesn't she?

Stefan: Let's just see what she says when she gets home, okay?

Elena: Okay. We'll be home soon.




Lower Cave Chamber




Vaughn: You know, if you're smart, you'll use the cure to kill Silas.

Rebekah: Killing Silas is your supernatural destiny, not mine. 


Vaughn: All right, okay. Well, you be careful up there, you know, 'cause he's up there, running about.

Rebekah: 
 You sure about that?

Vaughn: You don't believe me? Check my pack.




Vaughn: I found it in the chamber where he lay. They say no one has seen him. No one knows his face. How do you hide from the devil when you don't know what he looks like? Who knows? Maybe I'm him. 
 Mark my words, if you don't use the cure to kill him, doesnae matter if you're human or vampire. You're doomed. We all are.




Vaughn: 
 Good luck to ya, lass. You've all brought this upon yourselves! May you rot in it! 


Gilbert Residence




Caroline: Tyler, it's me again. So I was thinking about it, and you probably ditched your phone, which is the smartest thing that you could do. So I don't know when you're gonna get this, but things were looking kind of bleak for a minute, and-- I don't know-- maybe they're starting to turn around. So when you get this, call me back, and I'll tell you everything.




Caroline: 
 Thank god. We were so, so worried. 


Bonnie: I'm okay.

Damon: Could you get Stefan out here?

Caroline: They said that she knows what to do.

Damon: 
 Caroline, I need to talk to my brother.

Caroline: What's wrong?




Island Woods




Bonnie: 
 I'll do whatever it takes. Whatever you ask of me, I'll do it.

Prof. Shane: 
 Then you will see him again. There's just a few things we have to do first.

Gilbert Residence




Bonnie: It's called an Expression triangle. I need to complete it for Silas.

Matt: 
 What?




Damon: She's out of her mind, Stefan. The nutty professor's got her totally brainwashed.




Matt: Bonnie, you can't kill 12 people.

Bonnie: I know it sounds crazy, but it's the only way to get enough power.

Caroline: To do what?

Island Woods




Prof. Shane: When Silas was buried by the witch Qetsiyah, she left him with the cure and two choices-- stay immortal and rot or take the cure and eventually die in there of old age.

Bonnie: He's been trapped in there for 2000 years. At some point wouldn't death by old age have been...better?

Prof. Shane: No because, you see, Qetsiyah had already one-upped him. She knew that he wanted to die so that he could find peace, be reunited with his one true love. So she created the Other Side as a purgatory for all supernatural beings, ensuring that if he died, he'd end up there forever. That's where you come in.

Bonnie: Why me?

Prof. Shane: Because you, as Qetsiyah's descendant, can make the Other Side go away.

Bonnie: How?

Gilbert Residence




Damon: I mean, the whole flight back home, all she could talk about was how she's the one that can drop the veil between this side and the Other Side.

Stefan: Drop the veil? What does that even mean?

Damon: What it means is, the myth about Silas being able to raise the dead is not just one, or some. It's every supernatural being over there.




Bonnie: Once the veil is dropped, the Other Side doesn't exist anymore. There's nothing separating us. We're all just one.




Damon: Three massacres, three hot spots, and the witch spell of the century, and every supernatural being over there is back with a vengeance.

Island Woods




Bonnie: I can't do that.

Prof. Shane: What? Oh no. Yes, you can. Yes, you can. All the witches, your ancestors who've been persecuted throughout time, your grams, Jeremy, they'll all be back. You can do this. 
 You will do this.

Gilbert Residence




Caroline: Bonnie, you are talking like a crazy person. You are not killing 12 people, and you sure as hell can't invite every monster who has ever died back into this world.

Matt: Caroline, I think she knows that.




Bonnie: I can do it. I have the power. We can bring everyone back-- Jeremy, Alaric, Vicki.




Caroline: Bonnie, stop it. You can't just say these things.

Bonnie: It's gonna be fine...




Elena: I'll get it.

Matt: Elena, I'll get it--

Elena: I said I'll get it. 
 Hello?

April: 
 Elena? It's April...Young. Um, I was looking for Jeremy, his cell phone keeps going straight to voicemail.

Elena: Jeremy can't come to the phone right now. He's not-- 
 I'm sorry. He's dead.




Damon: 
 Elena...

Elena: 
 He's dead. He's dead. Damon, he's dead, and he's been dead this entire time, and I-- 
 Oh, my god. 
 I can smell him. 
 How long has he smelled like that?

Damon: Hey, talk to me. I can help you.

Elena: How? How are you gonna help me? How? 
 Okay. Okay. We-- we have to-- we have to take care of his body. Bring him downstairs.

Damon: We shouldn't--

Elena: Just carry him down, please. 
 Where's Bonnie?

Stefan: We told Matt to take her home. We thought it'd be best.

Elena: Okay. I guess we're gonna have to do this the old-fashioned way.

Caroline: Do what?

Elena: 
 Put his body on the couch. 


Caroline: Elena? Elena, you need help finding something?

Elena: 
 Got it.




Stefan: What are you doing?

Elena: 
 We need a cover story, right? You think I didn't hear you guys talking earlier? Well, what are we gonna say-- animal attack, "tumbled down the stairs"? No. We burn the house down with him inside of it. 


Stefan: 
 Elena, stop it.

Elena: Why? Because you want me to not be in denial? You want me to face the truth? This is the truth, Stefan. I don't want to live here anymore. I don't want these sketches. 
 I don't want this Xbox. 
 Not gonna need this bourbon anymore. Alaric's not here to drink it, I mean, unless you guys are willing to bring back every supernatural creature on the Other Side to get him back. 
 Would you? I know you want your drinking buddy back. 
 Would you, Damon? Because I wouldn't. 
 I don't know, I mean, does that make me a bad person? I-- I have no idea. 
 He's not gonna need that anymore.

Caroline: 
 Elena, stop it. You're scaring me!

Elena: 
 What else are we supposed to do with the body, Caroline? I mean, there's no-- there's no room in the Gilbert family plot. 
 Jenna and-- and John took the last spots. 


Stefan: No, no, Elena. Stop.

Elena: 
 There's nothing here for me anymore, Stefan. Every inch of this house is filled with memories of the people that I love that have died-- my mom, my dad, Jeremy, and Jenna and Alaric, John, even John. I mean, they're all dead. Everyone is dead. So what am I supposed to-- I mean, how am I gonna-- I can't even-- There's nothing left for me-- aah!




Damon: Elena, I need you to calm down.

Elena: No, no, no, I can't. I can't. I can't. I-- 
 No. It hurts. It hurts. Just make it stop. Please make it stop. It hurts. 


Stefan: Damon...Help her.




Elena: I-- I-- 


Damon: I can help you. I want you to let me help you. 
 I can help you.

Elena: How?

Damon: Turn it off.

Stefan: What? No, no.




Damon: Just turn it off, and everything will go away. That's what you have to do. It's what I want you to do. Just turn it off.




Forbes Residence




Caroline: Hey, it's me. Look, I hate to leave this on your voicemail, but I think that you need to know. 
 Jeremy's dead, Tyler. I'm so sorry. I thought that you would call and I could tell you, but then you didn't, so-- Just call me when you get this, okay? I need you, and there's no way that yesterday was the last time that I'm ever going to see you or talk to you. It can't be. So just...call me, Tyler. Please. 


Bennett Residence




Bonnie: It's gonna be okay, Matt, you'll see. I'll bring him back.

Matt: Get some sleep, Bon. We'll talk tomorrow.




Prof. Shane: 
 Did you tell them?

Bonnie: 
 They don't think I can do it.

Prof. Shane: Oh, they're just scared. They're afraid to believe.

Bonnie: You know, I've been thinking. You said if I dropped the veil to the Other Side, that the dead'll return, but that's only for the supernatural. What about the 12 people that died on the Young farm?

Prof. Shane: They were a necessary sacrifice, for the greater good. They've passed on. They've found peace. That's all anyone wants. That's all Silas wants. We'll do this together, you and I. We are the beginning.

Island




Rebekah: Blast it. 
 Shane.




Prof. Shane: 
 Silas!

Mystic Falls




Gilbert Residence




Stefan: It was a mistake.

Damon: It wasn't, and you know it. This is the only way she's gonna survive. We'll help her, keep an eye on her. When she's ready, I'll use the sire bond to bring her back.

Stefan: Her humanity, Damon, that was all she had left.

Damon: Humanity means nothing when you don't have anyone to care about, Stefan.

Stefan: 
 She had you.

Damon: She lost her brother. I'm not enough, not this time.

Stefan: Listen, Damon. I know that you and I, we've been through some...bad spots lately, especially when it comes to her.

Damon: Yeah. Well...guess none of that matters anymore.

Stefan: Well I just, um...I want you to know that, um-- 


Damon: I know, Stefan. 





Damon: Elena, don't do this. We can find another cover story.

Elena: 
 This is the best one. No one'll ask questions.

Stefan: Look, if you burn down the house, it'll be gone. What if one day when this is all over, you want to come home again?




Elena: I won't.




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
