Elena: Ouch, this dress hurts.
Jenna: Suck it in, baby.
Lockwood: No, no, no, no, no! It's all wrong! The marching band should be in front of the Historic Society. Matt, get up on the float. Boys, I asked you to put chairs on the Founders' Float. Ladies! Time to get on the float.
Damon: Look at you, all retro.
Stefan: What are you doing here?
Damon: Why wouldn't I be here? Bonnie deactivated the Gilbert invention, Isobel is gone and it's Founders' Day! I'm here to eat cotton candy and steal your girl.
Stefan: Don't start with me, Damon.
Damon: Oh, you started this Stefan with that whole "I'm insecure, leave Elena alone" speech. I'm enjoying that.
Stefan: As long as you heard it.
Damon: What? You have no sense of humor, Stefan.
Stefan: Actually I've no sense of 'Damon humor'.
Damon: 'Damon humor'...Hey look, I get it, I get it. I'm the better, hotter, superior choice and you're scared, now that Katherine is out of the picture, that I'm gonna turn all my attention to Elena. But don't worry, Elena is not Katherine.
Stefan: You're right, she's not.
Jeremy: Anna.
Anna: Look at you!
Jeremy: I know, it's stupid, huh? I'm part of the parade; but how are you? I've been so worried and I feel awful.
Anna: Why? You didn't kill my mother, your uncle did.
Jeremy: Are you sure it was him?
Anna: Who else would have done it?
John: He doesn't understand, Anna, it's who he is. He hates all vampires. He's just doing what he thinks is right.
Anna: Are you defending him?
Jeremy: No, no way. It's just...I do understand where he's coming from. He's convinced all the tomb vampires want revenge on this town and he's just...he's trying to protect it.
Anna: They do want revenge, or at least they did, but that's why we separated from them. My mom wasn't after revenge; she just wanted her life back. I have to get out of this town, Jeremy.
Jeremy: You're leaving?
Anna: I've been thinking...you could come with me. I could turn you. I mean...you said you wanted me to. Here.
Anna: It's my blood. If you die with it in your system, you'll come back.
Jeremy: Anna...
Anna: I know you, what it's like for you...being alone, always feeling empty inside, no one to understand. But when you're a vampire, you don't have to feel that way. You can shut it off. I can show you how.
Jeremy: I wanted to, I did.
Jeremy: But I don't think I can. Sorry.
Elena: John?! Is that even possible?
Stefan: There is no proof, but he dated Isobel when she was a teenager and he was the one who brought her to your dad's office for the delivery.
Elena: My whole life I've never liked this man. I...
Stefan: Sorry, I'm sorry. I just...I wanted to tell you before Damon dropped it on you on some typically inappropriate way.
Elena: No, I'm happy that you told me, I just...I really hope that it's not true. What I am supposed to do? Do I just...confront him and say "are you my biological father?"
Stefan: I guess, when you're ready.
Elena: I'm never gonna be ready. Stefan, I have enough problems with the family that I actually care about. Jeremy hates me, and why wouldn't he? My journal gave him every single reason to.
Stefan: He's just hurt, he's confused.
Elena: He's never going to forgive me for Vicki, for taking away his memories, for lying to him.
Stefan: He's your brother, he'll forgive you. Just give him some time.
Bonnie: Say cheese!
: Oh wait! Hide your cast, it's not era-appropriate!
Matt: Seriously?
Caroline: Yes!
Matt: Okay, fine.
Caroline: I want one with Bonnie now.
Tyler: Here, I can take it.
Matt: I'll be on the float.
Tyler: I said I was sorry!
Caroline: You made out with his mother and then you beat him to a pulp. You're gonna have to do a little bit better than sorry.
Elena: Jeremy! I was wondering where you were. You look great, and you guys did a really great job on the float.
Jeremy: Go away, Elena.
Elena: Jeremy, come on! Please! I don't want it to be like this between us.
Jeremy: Why don't you have Damon erase my memory again? Then I could go back to being your in-the-dark little brother.
Elena: Jer, please.
Jeremy: Just don't! You can't fix this that easily; something like this doesn't just get fixed.
Lockwood: Let's give a big hand to the Mystic Fall's high school Marching Band!
Lockwood: And for a little local history, Mr. Saltzman's students have recreated Virginia's Battle of Willow Creek.
Lockwood: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our stunning Miss Mystic Falls Court and their handsome escorts.
Lockwood: This is Caroline Forbes, Miss Mystic Falls. Aren't they beautiful?
Bonnie: What do you want?
Damon: Just watching the parade.
Damon: Where are you going?
Bonnie: Away from you.
Damon: I wanna say something to you.
Bonnie: Just leave me alone!
Damon: Thank you. The device that Emily spelled could have killed me. I don't take what you did lightly so...thank you.
Bonnie: I did it for Elena.
Damon: I know that, but I'm still very grateful. And...I owe you.
Damon: Enjoy the parade.
Lockwood: Let's cheer for the Mystic Fall's high school football team. Alright! Let's show them our support, everybody!
John: This is the key. Once inserted, the device will be activated. It will work only once, for an estimated time of 5 minutes.
Lockwood: Yes, how does it work?
John: It's a high-pitched frequency that humans can't hear. Any vampires within a five-block radius will be incapacitated, exposing them. At that time, the sheriff's deputies will inject them with vervain and bring them here, when we will finish them off.
Lockwood: And you're certain they're attacking tonight?
John: I have a source. One of the vampires from the tomb confirmed the attack.
leader: Everybody listen up! The plan stays the same. We wait until the firework start; until then, we blend in. Stay a part of the celebration; they'll never see us coming.
John: They want revenge for what our ancestors did in 1864. It makes us their target.
leader: This area here is the stage. This is where the Founding Families are gonna be. Any questions?
Lockwood: We're taking an enormous risk. We're talking about our families, John!
leader: Anna? What are you doing here?
John: This is the only way to draw them out and kill them...all of them.
Damon: I like you better like this. The period look, it...didn't suit you.
Elena: Is that an insult?
Damon: Actually Elena, it is a compliment of the highest order.
Elena: Look, I know Stefan is worried about our...friendship.
Damon: Did he mention something to you too?
Elena: No, did he mention something to you?
Damon: No, nothing worth repeating.
Elena: So, I think you should stop with the flirty little comments and that eye-thing that you do.
: What eye thing?
Elena: Don't make me regret being your friend okay?
Elena: I don't believe that we can't fix this. I lied, I was wrong. But you're my brother, Jer, and I love you, and I have to fix it. So just tell me, what can I do?
Jeremy: You go to hell, Elena.
: "I have so many emotions, but I don't have any way to express them. Being a teenager is so hard!"
Jeremy: You're a dick!
Damon: You do not talk to me like that! I'm not your sister. And for now on, (Damon grabs Jeremy's arm) don't talk to your sister that way either.
Jeremy: So, you're going to kill me just ‘cause I hurt Elena's feelings?
Damon: Cut her some slack.
Jeremy: She erased my memories.
Damon: No, I did! She was protecting you.
Jeremy: It wasn't her call to make.
Jeremy: Let go of me before I cause a scene.
Damon: You'll be unconscious before you even got a word out.
Stefan: Let him go.
Stefan: Are you alright?
Jeremy: Yeah.
: What my brother is trying to say is, don't blame Elena for this. Damon turned Vicki, I killed her. She was a threat to you, and she was a threat to your sister. I'm sorry that it happened, I wish that it hadn't.
Jeremy: You shouldn't have made me forget...
Damon: Good cop, bad cop. I like it.
Stefan: What are you doing?
Damon: He's being a punk.
Stefan: Elena's relationship with her brother is none of your business. So stay out of it!
Damon: Oh, there's only one "do-gooder" role available. My bad. I'm sorry.
Stefan: Get over yourself. We both know you're not doing this for the right reasons.
Damon: You see, there you go with that little jealousy act again. What are the right reasons, Stefan? Enlighten me, please!
Stefan: Well, see Damon, it's only real when it comes from your desire to do the right thing for nothing in return, and I know that it is an entirely foreign concept to you. I completely understand that you wouldn't get it.
Forbes: You want to use our town as bait? It's too dangerous, it's insane!
Lockwood: We've gone over the plans with all your deputies, they're all on board.
Forbes: You've gone behind my back?
Lockwood: Yeah, because we knew this is exactly how you'd react.
Forbes: Our children are here.
John: Liz, we need to do this. We have no choice; this is the reason for the Secret Council. Our founding fathers created the Secret Council for just this purpose!
Forbes: I'm the Sheriff, it's my call and I say no.
John: Richard, let me speak to the Sheriff alone.
Forbes: John, you're not thinking clearly, I'm not gonna change my mind about this.
Damon: You're still around?
Anna: There's something you need to know. The vampires from the tomb are planning an attack tonight.
Damon: How do you know this?
Anna: I went to them. They think I'm with them but I'm not. They want the Founding Families dead.
Damon: When is this supposed to happen?
Anna: When the firework start.
Damon: John Gilbert wants to use that invention on them.
Anna: Then we can't be here!
Damon: It doesn't work, it's been deactivated.
Anna: Well, then a lot of people are gonna die.
Damon: Where are they right now?
Anna: They're already here, Damon.
leader: Remember, we don't know which of them ingests vervain. It's not about the feed, it's about the kill. You know what to do.
Damon: Ric!
Alaric: Yeah?
Damon: You keep those nifty little vampire darts in the car?
Alaric: Yeah, why do you ask?
Damon: Because this square is crawling with tomb vampires. I think we might need a stake or two.
Alaric: Yeah, got it.
Elena: What are you doing?
Damon: Saving your life. Fifteen words or less...Tomb vamps are here. Founding families are their target. (To Stefan) Get her out of here, now!
Stefan: Wait, where are you going?
Damon: That's more than fifteen words, Stefan.
Elena: Wait, Jeremy is out here somewhere.
Stefan: Let's go find him, come on!
Caroline: There was this time, freshman year, when Bonnie and I were in a fight and we swore that we would never talk again.
Matt: Caroline, give it a rest.
Lockwood: What are you doing here? I told you to go home.
Tyler: I decided not to.
Lockwood: If I tell you to do something, you do it!
Tyler: Let go of me!
Caroline: Mayor, is everything okay?
Lockwood: Please Tyler; I need you to go home, now. Take your friends with you.
Matt: Why? What's going on?
Lockwood: I can't explain. All of you need to get home, now. Please.
Tyler: Yeah, okay.
Lockwood: Here, take my car, it's out back. Caroline, Matt go with him.
Jeremy: Anna what are you doing here? My uncle could see you.
Anna: I don't care about that. I needed to find you. Come here.
Lockwood: For one hundred and fifty years, Mystic Falls has been the kind of town that everybody wants to call home: safe, prosperous, welcoming. And we have the Founders to thank for that. That's why I'd like to dedicate this evening's firework display to their legacy.
John: Get in position.
Lockwood: Enjoy the show!
: Stay close.
leader: Excuse me, I'm sorry.
Bonnie: I'm sorry.
Damon: Do you have any idea what you've done?
John: Yeah, as a matter of fact I do.
Elena: Stefan, what's going on? What's happening?
Stefan: My head!
Elena: What?
Stefan: My head!!
Jeremy: Anna what's wrong? Anna!
Anna: Please, make it stop!
Tyler: What the hell is that?
Caroline: What's the matter?
Tyler: That noise!
Matt: Wait, what noise?
Caroline: Tyler! Tyler!
Matt: Dude, hey! Caroline, the wheel!
Alaric: Hey, I got this one. There's one over there. Take this, go! Go! Go!
Elena: I don't know what happened, he just dropped.
Alaric: Yeah, he's not the only one. The cops have gotten everyone who's gone down, injecting them with vervain.
Elena: What?
Elena: They're rounding up the vampires.
Lockwood: Please help him, he just went down.
Anna: Ahhhhhhhh my head!
: I got one.
Jeremy: Hey, what are you doing? What are you doing? Hey, leave her alone!
Jeremy: Leave her alone! Anna!!!
John: The device is done; the only thing keeping them down is vervain. We don't have much time, let's finish this.
John: Anna.
: You can head up; I'll take it from here.
Anna: Please...no!
Elena: Are you okay?
Stefan: It was like needles were piercing my skull and it just stopped.
Alaric: I saw at least five vampires go down. They're taking them to your family's old building.
Stefan: It's the Gilbert's device. It has to be.
Elena: But how did he get it to work? Bonnie unspelled it.
Alaric: Maybe she didn't.
Elena: She did, we saw her do it!
Stefan: No, no, no, he's right. Think about it. We asked Bonnie to deactivate a device that could protect people against vampires.
Elena: So we could protect you.
Stefan: And Damon. Vampires. Where is Damon?
Alaric: I don't know. I haven't seen him since this started.
Elena: Can you get my brother, take him home?
Alaric: Of course.
Elena: Let's go.
Lockwood: Liz, are you okay?
Forbes: There's a key in my belt...
Lockwood: What's going on?!
Forbes: There's a key in my belt, I need you to get it.
Lockwood: I've been looking everywhere for you, something happened to Richard. They took him.
Forbes: Who took him?
Lockwood: Your deputies. I don't understand, he's not a vampire!
Forbes: Let's go!
Damon: Mayor. Is that you?
Lockwood: What are you doing here?
Damon: I'm a vampire. What's your excuse?  No, really. The vervain didn't affect you, you're not a vampire, what the hell are you?
leader: Mayor Lockwood!
Matt: Hey, are you okay?
Caroline: I'm fine, I'm fine.
Matt: No, they need to check you out.
Caroline: No, I'm fine, I'm fine. They're helping Tyler.
Paramedic: What the hell?!
Matt: What's wrong?
Paramedic: His eyes!
Tyler: What happened?
Matt: Dude, don't scare me like that!
Matt: Caroline! Guys, over here! Caroline, wake up!
Stefan: Wait, wait, wait, I can hear them. The building is on fire.
Elena: What?
Stefan: The building's on fire!
Elena: Where is Damon?
John: With the rest of them, where he should be. It's over for Damon.
Elena: You're crazy!
John: Why? Because I'm doing what should have been done a hundred and forty five years ago? This is the right thing, Elena.
John: Go ahead, you won't make it out. It'll save me the trouble of killing you myself.
Stefan: You know the building well, is there another way in?
Elena: Utility door, there's one around the side.
John: You take one more step and I'll alert those deputies that they missed a vampire.
Elena: I'm asking you not to.
John: That doesn't mean anything to me.
Elena: As my father, it should.
John: You know.
Elena: I wasn't sure, now I am.
Bonnie: Hey, you can't go in there!
Bonnie: The fire will take you out.
Stefan: He's my brother, Bonnie!
Elena: Stefan!
Bonnie: Elena, you can't go in there!
Elena: Bonnie, what are you doing?
Bonnie: I'm sorry I lied to you.
Bonnie: Ex spiritum intacullum, in terrum incendium, fes matos salvis adisdum!
Elena: Bonnie, I've got to get in there!
Stefan: Damon! Come on, hurry!
Elena: Bonnie...Bonnie, what is it? Are they gonna be okay?
Elena: Oh my god!
Elena: The fire is out. The story is the building's old wiring is what caused it.
Stefan: Did you see where Damon went?
Elena: No, he just kind of disappeared.
Stefan: Figures.
Elena: I'm so glad you're okay.
Stefan: I try so hard...to hate him. I guess it's just pointless.
Elena: You care about him, so do I. But I love you Stefan, and I know that you are worried about that.
Stefan: I just...you know, I know my brother.
Elena: But I love you, Stefan.
Stefan: I know the trouble he can cause.
Elena: I love you Stefan, you!
Elena: You have nothing to worry about, okay?
Elena: Jenna called, Jeremy's home, I'm just gonna run over to the school to pick up my dress, my clothes and the rest of my stuff and then I'll check on him.
Jeremy: What are you doing here?
Damon: Anna's dead.
Jeremy: I figured that once they took her away.
Damon: I know you cared about her.
Jeremy: Yeah, I did.
Damon: I saw her killed. I was watching and all I could think about was...I wanted to help her, but I couldn't.
Jeremy: Why are you telling me all this?
Damon: I took away your suffering once before. I can do it again, but it's your choice.
Jeremy: Look, I know you think you took it away, but it's still there. Even if I can't remember why. I still feel empty, and alone, and making me forget won't fix it. It won't fix what's really wrong.
Damon: What I did to Vicki was wrong. I'm sorry for my part.
Jeremy: Anna said that vampires don't have to feel pain; that they could turn it off, if they shut out their humanity.
Damon: It's very true.
Jeremy: Is it easier that way?
Damon: Is what easier?
Jeremy: Life.
Damon: Life sucks either way, Jeremy. But, at least if you're a vampire, you don't have to feel bad about it if you don't want to.
Jeremy: Is that what you did?
Damon: I did it for a...I did it for a very long time and life was a lot easier.
Tyler: Hey man. I'm so sorry. Look, I don't even know what happened.
Matt: It's okay man. She'll be alright.
Matt: What's happening? Is she alright?
Forbes: There was some internal bleeding; they're taking her into surgery.
Matt: What else did they say? Is she gonna be okay?
Forbes: They're gonna do everything they can.
Forbes: Tyler, have you talked to your mom?
Tyler: I left her a message telling her I was here.
Forbes: You need to call her.
Tyler: What is it?
Forbes: ...It's your dad.
Stefan: Oh, hey.
Bonnie: Hey.
Stefan: You...you just missed Elena.
Bonnie: I was looking for you actually.
Stefan: Oh.
Bonnie: Elena is my best friend, and because she loves you, I couldn't let you or Damon die in that fire.
Stefan: I'm very grateful Bonnie, I hope you know that.
Bonnie: I do...but I hope you know that things have to change. Damon has to change.
Stefan: We both want the same thing.
Bonnie: We both want to protect the people we care about. The difference is, for you, Damon is one of them. You saw what I was able to do tonight. I know who I am now, and if Damon spills so much as one drop of innocent blood, I'll take him down. Even if I have to take you with him.
Stefan: Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
Bonnie: Let's hope it doesn't.
Elena: What are you doing here?
Damon: Failed and feeble attempt at doing the right thing.
Elena: Which was...?
Damon: It's not important. Let me take this for you.
Elena: Thank you.
Damon: You know, I came to this town wanting to destroy it. Tonight, I found myself wanting to protect it. How does that happen? I'm not a hero, Elena. I don't do good. It's not in me.
Elena: Maybe it is.
Damon: Nah, it's reserved for my brother, and you...and Bonnie...who, even though she has every reason to hate me, still helped Stefan save me.
Elena: Why do you sound so surprised?
Damon: Because she did it for you. Which means that somewhere along the way, you decided that I was worth saving. And I wanted to thank you for that.
Elena: You're welcome.
Elena: Hi...
Jenna: It's late, you should probably come inside.
Jenna: What are you doing?
Elena: I don't want to talk about it.
John: You scared me.
Elena: Sorry.
John: You know...I first met Isobel when I was a teenager. I fell in love with her instantly, although I'm pretty sure she never loved me. She was special. A part of why I hate the vampires so much is because of what she became, how it ruined her. And I never would have sent her to Damon had I known she wanted to turn.
John: It's my fault. I'm telling you this because I hoped maybe you'd understand.
Elena: Thank you.
John: Can I help?
Elena: Sure.
John: Katherine?!
Katherine: Hello, John. Goodbye, John.
Elena: I looked everywhere. Yeah, someone definitely took my stuff. I'm just gonna check on Jeremy before I go to the hospital. Can you meet me there? Okay. I love you Stefan.
Elena: (Shouting up the stairs.) Jeremy?! Are you up?
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.