Anna: Hey Bethanne.
Anna: What are you guys watching? You guys have been watching the same thing the whole time? There are over one hundred and fifty channels. It's called a remote control. This button changes the channel. Hold it like this.
Gibbons: Did you get enough sweetheart?
Frederick: For now.
Gibbons: Anna, are you hungry? Did you want a little?
Anna: No, thank you Miss Gibbons. Why don't you lie down for a while and get some rest?
Frederick: She's fine. Aren't you Miss Gibbons?
Gibbons: Of course I am. I'm fine.
Matt: Hey mom! Mom?
Matt: Hey mom?
Kelly: What? I'm trying to sleep.
Matt: I was just making sure you're alive.
Kelly: I'm sorry sweetie. It was a late night. My head is throbbing.
Matt: I would appreciate it if you wouldn't bring the party home. And I'm pretty sure the neighbors would appreciate it too.
Kelly: It wasn't a party, it was one guy, don't be so judgy.
Matt: Well, I talked to Roberta at the grill and there's still a bartending position open if you want to...get a job.
Kelly: I figured she'd still be pissed about the last time I worked there.
Matt: I think she's desperate.
Kelly: I'll check it out.
Matt: Yeah?
Kelly: Don't act so surprised.
Matt: Well, I mean...I didn't know how long you planned on sticking around.
Kelly: Well, there's back rent due.
Matt: There's back everything mom.
Kelly: Like I said, I'll check it out.
Kelly: Who's that?
Matt: It's Caroline.
Matt: Easy.
Matt: Yeah come in!
Caroline: Hi Mrs. Donovan.
Matt: Hey, ok. Well we're going to be late. So let's get going.
Caroline: Yeah.
Matt: Hey.
Caroline: Hey.
Matt: How are you?
Caroline: Good.
Stefan: Damon hasn't said a word to me. Every time I try to talk to him he shuts me down.
Elena: Do you think he's still trying to find Katherine?
Stefan: I don't know. He waited a hundred and forty five years only to find out that Katherine could not care less. I mean it's gotta hurt, right?
Elena: And it couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Stefan: You have every reason to be upset with him. Have you thought any more about what you're going to do?
Elena: About what? Isobel, my vampire birth mother, who's related to my vampire ancestor Katherine, who screwed over your vampire brother? Nah...I haven't thought about it at all.
Stefan: I'm sorry I brought it up.
Elena: It'd just be nice if we could get through one day without having to deal with any of it. No vampire mother or brother.
Stefan: No vampires at all?
Elena: No vampires but you. I just want to get us back to normal stuff like school and homework and here's a thought: fun.
Stefan: Ooh, that sounds good to me, when do we start?
Matt: We can watch a movie at my place.
Caroline: With your mom and a six pack?
Matt: You know...you don't really help the situation. You could at least try to be nice.
Caroline: Oh...I'm sorry. It's hard for me to show kindness to people that hate me. I'm not that evolved.
Caroline: So, a movie tonight?
Matt: Wherever you want to do it's good for me but I'm late and I got to go OK?
Caroline: OK.
Pearl: The keypad is for texting which is what you do when you want to avoid talking to someone.
Harper: I didn't break it, I swear.
Pearl: I was just showing Harper what you taught me. What a marvelous device!
Harper: Who was that?
Anna: Jeremy Gilbert.
Harper: Is that your boyfriend?
Pearl: Of course not.
Pearl: What do you think?
Anna: Very respectable.
Pearl: That's the goal. I can't say that I miss corsets.
Anna: Susie Sunshine gave me her car keys and her ATM card.
Pearl: What's that?
Anna: I'll explain later.
Frederick: Where are you going?
Pearl: We have some business in town. We'll be back as soon as we can. I trust that you'll keep an eye on things.
Frederick: So, I'm the baby sitter now?
Pearl: Frederick, if this is going to work we have to cooperate with one another.
Frederick: So you saying...
Harper: I'll watch things miss Pearl.
Pearl: Thank you Harper.
Caroline: I'm thinking nothing huge, just a dinner at the grill maybe a late movie.
Stefan: You mean like a double date?
Caroline: Two pair out on a Friday night coupled. Yeah a double date.
Elena: Do you think that's a good idea?
Caroline: Why not? We all haven't gone out together before and I don't want it to be uncomfortable for us. Look the couple dynamics have changed and there's been a little awkwardness between you, Matt, and me and I just think it's important that we get over it.
Elena: I don't know.
Stefan: I think that sounds like a great idea.
Elena: You do?
Stefan: Yeah. A nice evening out with friends. Sounds fun, as in "fun".
Elena: A double date it is.
Caroline: Ok. So, we will see you tonight.
Elena: OK.
Elena: OK.
Pearl: Hello Damon.
Damon: Ever hear of knocking?
Pearl: An invitation wasn't necessary. I'm surprised that no living person resides here. Is it just you and your brother?
Anna: Yeah. How do you keep out unwelcome vampires?
Damon: I kill them.
Pearl: Have a seat, Damon. I was hoping we could have a word.
Damon: Sure.
: "How do you become a vampire?"
: "Brad Pitt changed me".
: "Go to Vegas. Ask for Wayne Newton".
: "How do you kill a vampire?"
: "The blood of Paula Abdul".
: Great.
: "Serious answers only please".
: "Stake in the heart always works".
: "You're a believer?"
: "Aren't you?"
Pearl: We've taken up residence at a farmhouse just outside the town. It'll suffice for now.
Damon: All 25 vampires?
Pearl: Not all, some. I imagine that a few have already left town. Others are probably still in the woods or like us acclimating.
Damon: How did they get out of the tomb?
Anna: I think the witch screwed up that part of her hocus pocus.
Pearl: I understand from Anna that the founding families still have a secret council?
Anna: And you're a part of it.
Damon: That's ridiculous.
Anna: I've been in Mystic Falls since the comet, Damon. I'm up to speed.
Pearl: And so am I. And now that you've infiltrated the council, I'll need to know everything they know. Starting with a listing names of all the council members and their families.
Anna: And everyone you've supplied with vervain.
Pearl: Yes, that will have to stop immediately.
Damon: What exactly are you trying to achieve?
Pearl: Mystic Falls is our home, Damon. They took that from us. Our land, our home. It's time we rebuild.
Damon: What, are you crazy? It was 1864. Wake up woman. The world has moved on.
Pearl: As a reward for your help I'm willing to give you what you want most.
Damon: I want nothing.
Pearl: Katherine.
Damon: You wouldn't even know where she was. You've been under the ground for the last century and a half.
Pearl: Katherine and I were best friends long before we came to Mystic Falls, Damon. I know how she thinks, I know her patterns, I know where to find her.
Damon: I no longer have any desire to see Katherine ever again. And there's no way in hell I'm gonna play the role of your little minion.
Pearl: I'm not asking for your help, Damon. Finding Katherine was just a mere gesture of kindness. The rest is non-negotiable.
Pearl: I have four hundred years on you, little boy. I'll rip you from limb to limb without even blinking and you know it. I'll be in touch.
Elena: You got me flowers!
Stefan: I figured it's a date, why not do it right? I would have driven too but you're the one with the car.
Elena: You know, you think that for someone who was around when the car was invented you would have one.
Stefan: Oh, I have one. I just never drive it.
Elena: You know, it's not too late to cancel.
Stefan: Why we would do that?
Elena: I don't know, it just seems surreal. Like maybe we weren't meant to get to the normal part.
Stefan: That's exactly why we're going to do it. We're going to go out, have some fun and try to remember that we don't have to be so serious. Listen, when I decided to stay here and to get to know you, it so that I could do things like this. Bring my girlfriend flowers, take her out on a date, and try to be normal.
Elena: Have you ever even been on a double date before?
Stefan: Oh, absolutely. '72, Hef and the twins.
Elena: What?
Stefan: Yeah...playmates. I got Miss June.
Elena: Are you serious?
Pearl: Miss Sommers?
Jenna: Yes. Hi Pearl.
Pearl: Hi. This is my Daughter, Annabelle.
Jenna: Of course, Jeremy's friend.
Anna: Nice to see you, Miss Sommers.
Jenna: Oh, Jenna, please. This property was in my brother in law's family for generations. It's one of the originals structure in Mystic Falls. It used to be one of those old fashioned drugstore thingies.
Pearl: An apothecary?
Jenna: Yeah.
Pearl: You don't say.
Jenna: Sorry if it's a little musty.
Jenna: No one has been here for months.
Pearl: I'll use my imagination.
Pearl: Annabelle?
Anna: I'm coming mother.
Kelly: What's with the glasses inside?
Damon: My eyes were a little sensitive today.
Kelly: You're new around here.
Damon: On the contrary, I'm very old.
Damon: Bourbon, neat.
Kelly: I haven't been gone that long. I would remember someone who looked like you.
Damon: Yeah. Where did you go?
Kelly: Around, about.
Damon: I've been there.
Kelly: I love to see a man drown his sorrows. It's so sexy.
Damon: It's more like nursing my wounds. And you?
Kelly: I was supposed interviewing for the bartender job but I think the manager blew me off.
Damon: Well, that's not very nice.
Kelly: Yeah. Last time I was in town I slept with her boyfriend.
Damon: That's not very nice either.
Kelly: It happens.
Damon: Yes it does.
Jenna: Kelly? Kelly Donovan?
Kelly: Jenna!
Jenna: I heard you were back in town. (To Damon) She used to babysit me.
Kelly: And then I used to party with her.
Jenna: This woman is crazy.
Kelly: Not as crazy as you.
Jenna: I'm not anymore.
Kelly: Well sit, drink!
Jenna: I shouldn't. I'm more responsible now. Haven't you heard?
Kelly: Well, take a night off its good for the soul.
Damon: Great for the soul.
Jenna: This is not going to end well.
Damon: Can't wait.
Frederick: I hate this house.
Bethanne: It's better than the tomb.
Frederick: I didn't stay locked up for a hundred and forty five years to end up locked here.
Harper: Maybe you should quit complaining.
Frederick: You're going to stop me?
Bethanne: Let it be Frederick. You heard what Pearl said.
Frederick: I don't care what Pearl said. (To Harper) What you got boy?
Frederick: Try that again.
Pearl: Back off. Back off! We don't fight each other. Those are the rules.
Frederick: And I'm tired of your rules. I want out of this house. Why can't we go out on the town?
Pearl: Eventually. But for now we have to keep a low profile.
Frederick: No one knows who I am.
Pearl: The Salvatore's brothers do.
Frederick: And I wish to hell that I could run into them. There are the reason we were caught in the first place.
Elena: So, Matt, How do you like working here?
Matt: It's not that bad. Wait staff is pretty good and they can't keep a bartender to save their lives. I actually put my mom up for a job.
Elena: How has that been? Having Kelly back?
Matt: You know, same old Kelly. She's trying, sort of.
Elena: Kelly and my mom were best friends growing up. That's how Matt and I first met, we shared a crib together.
Stefan: You're kidding?
Matt: No, we have known each other our whole lives.
Matt: You got to be kidding me.
Harper: Where are you going?
Frederick: Bethanne and I are going out for a bit. Hit the town, kick up our heels.
Harper: We're not supposed to leave. Miss Pearl made that very clear.
Frederick: You're going to stop me? I didn't think so.
Jeremy: Anna?
Anna: Surprised?
Jeremy: I thought you and your mom were leaving town.
Anna: Change of plans. Sorry, I thought you'd be psyched.
Jeremy: No, no, no. I mean...I am. Of course I am.
Anna: Alright then, step aside.
Jenna: Don't be grumpy. It can't be that bad.
Damon: You'd be surprised. My primary reason for existence has abandoned me and after today's events, the remains of the shakey ground that I walk on are about to go kaboom. Let's get hammered.
Kelly: Let's.
Caroline: At least they're having fun.
Elena: They're drunk.
Matt: Remember when Elena's parents busted us here after the homecoming?
: Oh my god yes!
Elena: Well, we were wasted; it was the first time I ever got drunk. I blame Matt.
Matt: Her parents got seated at the next booth.
Elena: And Matt had me pretend that I was choking so we could get away.
Matt: Except that her dad was a doctor so he jumped up to save her.
Elena: And I ran, slipped on the wet floor and bit it in front of everyone. Do you remember that? 3 stitches, a hangover for days and I was grounded from seeing this one (She looks at Matt) for a week.
Caroline: I'm gonna go to the restroom. Elena?
Jenna: Hide. We're not here.
Kelly: Why? Where'd we go?
Jenna: Children under our care. Five o'clock. This is not good.
Kelly: Damn!
Jeremy: What made you and your mom decide to stay in town?
Anna: She got this business opportunity; she's going to open up a little store. It has always been her dream. So yeah we're staying. And I'm thinking about going back to high school, so you'll be seeing a little more of me.
Jeremy: Yeah?
Anna: Enough of homeschooling. I'd like to be a normal teen for once. But I have to ask my mom first, she'll have an opinion.
Jeremy: Well, I wish you were there now. I actually have to write another paper. I was thinking about squeezing one more out on "the vampire in Mystic Falls".
Anna: Really? Haven't you exhausted the subject?
Jeremy: No, I want to go deeper, you know. I want to understand why people were labelled as vampires back in the day. I mean, maybe there's such a thing has vampires, they're just different from the way we always thought they were.
Anna: What do you mean?
Jeremy: Well, maybe they're normal and good, just outsiders you know? Um, misunderstood.
Anna: You're kidding, right?
Jeremy: Don't you think it could be possible? You did give me all that info.
Anna: Jeremy, I made it up ok? You were all cute and floppy and I wanted to make a good impression.
Matt: Is there anything you're not good at?
Stefan: Double dating. This is all kind of new to me. I usually keep to myself. I don't always fit in.
Matt: That's because you're that guy.
Stefan: What guy?
Matt: The guy who seems like he has everything, so the people that don't, kind of run the other way.
Stefan: Is that what I seem like?
Matt: Pretty much.
Stefan: Hmm...What a dick!
Matt: Yeah.
Caroline: So um, what are you doing?
Elena: What?
Caroline: Well the point of this was to show him how much you care about Stefan. You know, not to hopscotch down memory lane.
Elena: I was just trying to make conversation.
Caroline: Try less.
Elena: Caroline.
Frederick: Katherine?
Elena: I'm sorry, you have the wrong person.
Caroline: Elena, come on!
Frederick: My mistake.
Elena: How's everything going?
Stefan: Matt's cheating.
Matt: No need, I'm awesome.
: Stefan Salvatore.
: Everything okay?
Elena: Everything's great.
Elena: "That man over there just called me Katherine"
Stefan: So, you didn't recognize him, you haven't seen him before?
Elena: No, there was nothing familiar about him at all.
Stefan: Right, let's call it a night. OK? Send Matt and Caroline home?
Elena: No, the whole point of the night was to not have to deal with this stuff. We need to get through one night. One normal night.
Stefan: You're sure?
Elena: No, I'm not sure, but I don't know what else to do. Look, if there's another vampire in town, he'll still be here tomorrow. We'll deal with it tomorrow.
Stefan: OK.
Stefan: It's them. Come here.
Caroline: This is much better than watching Damon visit cougar town. (To Matt.) No offence.
Matt: Don't remind me. (To Stefan): Man I've always wanted to see what it looks like in this place.
Stefan: Yeah, I guess it's a bit much.
Matt: Yeah, my entire house could fit in here. like twice.
Caroline: Feel like I've been here before. It's weird.
Elena: Do you guys want to watch a movie or something?
Matt: Whoa; these are great!
Stefan: This is uh...a little hobby of mine.
Matt: I did the entire Mustang series when I was 9
Stefan: You like cars?
Matt: It's an understatement.
Stefan: Come with me.
Damon: So, the thing about cherries, you have to...
Damon: Oh my goodness.
Damon: That's amazing, you were fast.
Jenna: That would be my queue.
: You're given up already?
Jenna: Oh yeah.
Jenna: See you guys.
Stefan: Prepare yourself, my friend.
Matt: Wait, how do you have this?
Stefan: Got passed down through the family.
Matt: Why don't you...I mean...Why don't you drive it?
Stefan: Well, it doesn't run. I mean, it's not that I could figure out.
Caroline: Why would you keep a car that doesn't run?
Matt: Be more of a girl right now?
: Hey, want to come take a look at this for me?
Matt: Elena, remember the old Camaro you're dad used to have?
Elena: Of course.
Matt: I built and rebuilt that engine 20 times.
Stefan: wow.
Caroline: I don't like sports cars; they're too hard to make out in.
: It wasn't that bad.
: I'm sorry man.
Stefan: No, no, no. Don't worry about it. You and Elena, you guys have a history and ignoring it doesn't do anybody any good.
Matt: She's good with you. You know, I wasn't sure but she's happy and I'm glad.
Matt: Alright, let's take a look at this.
Frederick: Need some help?
Jenna: Damn it! Stupid shoe.
Frederick: Pick up your other foot.
Frederick: Here you go.
Jenna: Thanks, I think.
Frederick: Was that Damon Salvatore you were with?
Jenna: The one and only. You know him?
Frederick: We go way back. He still live out by Miller Lane?
Jenna: He lives in the old boarding house by Wickery Bridge. He's still in there if you want to say hi.
Frederick: I prefer to stay here and talk to you.
Jenna: Oh, nice. Very smooth with the shoe and the flirt. But, I'm a little drunk and a guy plus drunk me equals very bad things.
Frederick: I'm pretty sure you'd like it.
Jenna: Sorry. That was a seriously lame pick up.
Frederick: That is a nice scent you wear. What is it?
Jenna: I don't know (she laughs) it was a gift. And that is a cab so...
Frederick: Vervain...making it hard to find something to eat in this town.
Elena: Caroline...
Caroline: I don't want to talk about it.
Elena: You're being ridiculous.
Caroline: And insecure and stupid. But that doesn't change the fact that Matt's always gonna be in love with you and I'm always gonna be the back up.
Elena: You're not the back up.
Caroline: Yes I'm. I'm Matt's Elena back up; I'm your Bonnie back up.
Elena: Now it's about me and Bonnie?
Caroline: You don't get it. Why would you? You're everyone's first choice.
Matt: Piece of cake!
Stefan: You know what? Why don't you guys go ahead and take it for a spin?
Matt: Really?
Stefan: Yeah.
Matt: Caroline?
Stefan: You alright?
Elena: If it's not vampires, its girlfriends.
Jeremy: Alright. Roast beef, turkey, what do you want?
Anna: Let's do the works. Pile it high.
Jeremy: Ok, I like your style. Will you grab the bread for me?
Anna: Ok.
Anna: What are you doing?
Jeremy: It's just a cut. Can you hand me that towel?
Anna: I can't.
Jeremy: You got a problem with blood Anna?
Jeremy: What's the matter? It's just blood, Anna.
Anna: What are you doing?
Jeremy: I knew it. (He shows her his hand) Go for it.
Jeremy: Jenna! Hey, what's up?
Jenna: Regret. Make sure you lock that up.
Matt: Did I just pass the driveway?
Caroline: Uh...No, I think it's up there.
Matt: This is an amazing car. Did I pass?
Matt: The whole double date thing was obviously a test to see how I would do around Elena.
Caroline: I don't know. You were reminiscing about the Elena years the whole night so...
Matt: Caroline that stuff came before. It's not just gonna go away.
Caroline: I know that okay? I know.
Matt: No, you don't. Because, you're letting Elena turn you into a crazy person. Look it's my fault. I made it pretty clear early on that Elena still means something to me. But all that talk, that was just two old friends and some memories. Tonight wasn't about me and Elena. I was there because I wanted to be with you. And I don't know what this means or what we are but I do know that you are the only person I want to be in this car with right now. And I don't even know if that makes sense because I'm not really that good at expressing myself.
Caroline: No, no. I think you're doing just fine.
Caroline: Sports cars...
Matt: Yeah.
Kelly: Now that you've got me here. (She drinks) What are you gonna do with me?
Damon: I'm going to...going to do this.
Matt: Mom?!
Caroline: Damon?!
Kelly: Oh my god, Matt! Oh my god.
Matt: I got to...
Caroline: It's fine, just go.
: I'll take her home.
Matt: Thanks, man.
Pearl: Where have you been?
Anna: I needed some air.
Pearl: For three hours? Tell me, where have you been?
Anna: Out, I was out.
Pearl: Annabelle, don't do this. I can't fight you too. What?
Anna: I'm sorry.
Elena: Sorry I'm bailing.
Stefan: Just wish you let me drive you home.
Elena: Normal people don't have chaperones or bodyguards or baby-sitters. We're normal tonight, remember?
Stefan: I know, I just get so worry about you.
Elena: Stefan, I can't live every minute afraid that someone is gonna come after me. I won't, it's not living.
Stefan: Okay. Call me when you get home safe.
Caroline: Bye Stefan.
Stefan: Goodbye.
Damon: Don't look at me like that.
Stefan: Are you crazy?
Damon: Save the lecture. Look...
Damon: Damn it.
Stefan: I remember them from 1864. They were in the tomb.
Damon: Yeah...About that.
Kelly: Matt...Matt....
Matt: I don't want to hear it, mom.
Kelly: Matty, please...
Matt: Do you know what I was doing tonight, Mom? I was having fun, you know, trying to forget about all the crap that I have to deal with every day. Just enjoying a night with my friends. And then, there you are, wasted at the bar, where I work, by the way, to pay the bills that you don't pay. And then you're off acting like a freakin' kid, hooking up with some guy half your age. I'm the kid, Mom. You're supposed to be responsible for me.
Kelly: I know Matt.
Elena: How was your night?
Jeremy: Ah...Same old. Same old...You?
Elena: Yep.
Pearl: So, where's Bethanne?
Frederick: She won't be coming back.
Pearl: What happened? Where is she?
Frederick: Well, you were right.(He looks at Anna) We shouldn't have left.
Pearl: No. Hungry?
Pearl: Next time you'll listen to me.
Elena: I'm home, teeth brushed, and ready for bed. Save and sound.
Stefan: Good, good. I'm glad.
Elena: Is everything alright? You sound serious.
Stefan: No, no, no, no. Not tonight, you still have a few minutes left of normal. I'll tell you about it tomorrow okay?
Elena: I had a really nice time on our date tonight.
Stefan: Such a liar.
Elena: No, I'm serious. In a way it was exactly what it was supposed to be.
Stefan: I had a really nice time too.
: Could you help me out a little bit?
Jeremy: What the hell?
Anna: I could have killed you!
Jeremy: Yeah, but you didn't.
Anna: I should have.
Jeremy: But you didn't.
Anna: How did you know?
Jeremy: I knew this girl. Vicki. She was attacked by an animal, a bite to the neck. She started acting crazy, weird, and it seemed like drugs, but then you showed me those articles. And then I saw your face and how it changed the night in the cemetery when I kissed you.
Anna: You know you can't tell anyone, right?
Jeremy: Who would believe me?
Anna: You'd be surprised.
Jeremy: Why didn't you kill me?
Anna: I don't know. Maybe I'm a sucker for guys like you.
Jeremy: Like what?
Anna: Lost. Why would you confront me about it? Why would you risk it?
Jeremy: Because if it was true, maybe it's true about Vicki. And also because...I want you to turn me.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.