Stefan: And?
Elena: That did nothing for me. How was it for you?
Stefan: Hm. Okay.
Stefan: Again.
Stefan: Good. Now, focus on letting it go.
Elena: Or we could skip the sublimating part, and you can tell me where she is so that I can rip her head off.
Stefan: I don't know where Katherine is and, even if I did, I wouldn't tell you.
Elena: Stefan, you're the one who told me to channel all of my emotions into one single feeling.
Stefan: I realize that, I just figured it would be love or hope or compassion, not unwavering hatred for a ruthless vampire that's 500 years older than you.
Elena: Well.
Stefan: All right, give me fifty pull-ups.
Elena: You wanted to kill Klaus when you got your emotions back.
Stefan: I know, and I couldn't.
Elena: You don't think I can kill Katherine?
Stefan: I don't think you really want to.
Elena: Maybe you're right. Maybe I just want to feel the warmth of her chest cavity as I rip out her heart and watch her face as she realizes I took it from her. 
Rebekah: So, let me get this straight: you send out a notice of your impending graduation and people feel obliged to give you money?
Matt: Pretty much.
Rebekah: That sounds brilliant. Why aren't you participating?
Matt: I don't have a whole lot of family.
Rebekah: That makes two of us. Besides, I don't think it was my mother's dream to see me in a cap and gown. How about your mum?
Matt: Let's just say I'm not holding my breath for a graduation check.
Caroline: Stamp, please.
Caroline: Thank you.
Elena: You don't have to pretend to be nice to me, Caroline. I know this is just a ploy to keep me distracted.
Caroline: You're done? I'm only on my second batch.
Elena: 
Caroline: I know that's how you feel now, but once you get through this hating Katherine phase--
Elena: Wait, do you know where Katherine is?
Caroline: No. Why would I know where she is?
Elena: Yeah, but, Caroline, if you did, you would tell me, right?
Caroline: 
Elena: Caroline, listen to me, if you know where Katherine is then you have to tell me.
Caroline: I don't, Elena. Chill.
Katherine: 
Katherine: 
Bonnie: 
Katherine: That still doesn't explain why you made me trudge through mud in 500-dollar boots.
Bonnie: A few miles that way, twelve hybrids were killed at the Lockwood Cellar. And a few miles that way-- 
Katherine: Thirteen, if you don't get to the point.
Bonnie: It's the Expression triangle. I need to charge all three points and channel the mystical energy from Silas' tombstone. Once that happens, I can drop the veil inside the three points and just long enough to get what I need.
Katherine: And what exactly do you need?
Bonnie: Silas has done nothing but torment my friends. Now he wants to unleash hell on Earth. He's evil. In two thousand years, only one person has been able to put him down.
Katherine: Let me guess: Qetsiyah.
Bonnie: If I can contact her, I can ask her how to do it. Now, hand me the rock.
Katherine: You're gonna flood Mystic Falls with dead, supernatural creatures so that you can "ask" a two thousand year old witch to do, not one, but two favors? 
Katherine: What the hell?
Bonnie: I linked us.
Bonnie: Which means you're stuck with me for the day. Silas can be anyone. If he gets in your head and figures out that I don't need a full moon to do the spell, it's over. 
Damon: You just missed the doughnuts.
Stefan: Yeah, I was with Elena, burning off a few thousand hate-filled calories. What happened to you helping me?
Damon: Help, yes. Prolong the inevitable? Waste of my time.
Stefan: Mm, you're avoiding. How unexpected.
Damon: I'm not avoiding. Elena's only goal is to end Katherine's life, and that's not gonna just magically disappear with pilates and a juice cleanse.
Forbes: Hey guys, thanks for coming.
Stefan: Hey.
Damon: Why were we invited?
Forbes: Well, the hospital has kept the blood banks empty ever since they were raided last month. We thought at the very least it would help keep the vampire population away.
Stefan: And it didn't?
Forbes: See for yourself.
Damon: Whoa.
Forbes: There are four other victims in this wing, each one almost completely drained of blood. You think it's Silas?
Damon: Or a doctor with some very questionable bedside manners.
Forbes: But 5 victims? That's a lot of blood, and it's not like he can take it with him.
Stefan: Unless he's fueling up for something big.
Forbes: Big? Any details would be helpful, considering I'm dealing with 5 grieving families out there and a psychic killer on the loose.
Damon: Silas wants Bonnie to do a spell to drop the veil from the Other Side.
Forbes: I have no idea what that means.
Damon: It's an invisible wall that separates our plane from the plane of all dead supernatural creatures. Now, Silas wants that to go away so he can take the cure, die, and not have to spend an eternity in a supernatural purgatory.
Forbes: And when do you suppose Silas plans on doing this?
Damon: Next full moon. Tomorrow night.
Katherine: Ugh, that Lockwood cellar reeks of wet dog. I'll be staying up here.
Bonnie: You obviously don't know how this works.
Katherine: You realize I'm not just some wandering child in a supermarket, right? I'm a vampire that can kill you.
Bonnie: Whatever happens to me, happens to you. Do you really think I want you here?
Katherine: And what is here? Oh, right, 12 dead hybrids. This should be good.
Caroline: Is it supposed to rain tonight?
Rebekah: Do I look like a meteorologist?
Caroline: Well, someone needs to do something, before she explodes.
Rebekah: I got this.
Rebekah: Drink. You're putting everyone on edge.
Rebekah: So, what's the deal? I'm new to this whole emotional switch situation.
Elena: It's not complicated. See that dart board? All I can picture is Katherine's face.
Rebekah: So your emotions are on, they're just dialed to rage.
Elena: Look, Rebekah. I get that we had our Thelma and Louise thing back when I had my humanity off, but let me make one thing clear: we're not friends.
Rebekah: Okay.
Caroline: What about us? Are we still friends? All those things you said when your humanity was off - is that how you really feel?
Elena: Caroline, I really don't feel like going down memory lane.
Caroline: Well, what about when you said, and I quote, "You're a repulsive, bloodsucking control-freak monster"? Did you really mean those things?
Elena: If you're waiting for an apology, you're not gonna get one. I can't let myself feel bad, because if I feel bad, then I feel everything, and...we've all seen how well I handle that.
Rebekah: 
Caroline: 
Bonnie: Twelve humans burned to death here. They died in vain for Silas.
Katherine: What did you do?
Bonnie: 
Forbes: The power outages originated at 3 different places in town: the Young farm, the Lockwood estate, and a blown transformer off Old Miller Road.
Stefan: Well, these are the locations of the Silas massacres. It's the Expression triangle. Bonnie must be doing the spell.
Damon: So much for needing a full moon.
Forbes: And there's something else: one of the power company guys has a daughter who goes to school with Bonnie. He saw her leaving the Young farm an hour ago...with Elena.
Stefan: But...Caroline's with Elena.
Damon: Looks like Bonnie Bennett has a new doppelgänger friend.
Forbes: So how do we find them?
Stefan: Well, they must be some where in the triangle. My guess is that they would be right in the middle.
Damon: And where exactly might that be?
Stefan: Where's Caroline?
Elena: Inside looking for Bonnie. I think we should split up. Damon and I can look outside while you and Caroline look inside.
Stefan: All right, let me know if you find anything.
Damon: Someone's an eager beaver.
Elena: Where's Katherine?
Damon: Now I get it. The one brother shoots you down, you ask the other one. Great.
Elena: You know, don't you?
Damon: Do you not notice all of the end-of-the-world crap going on right now?
Elena: Tell me that you don't want her dead. After everything that she did to you? Stringing you along for hundreds of years?
Damon: Elena, we don't need to list all the reasons that I hate Katherine. What we need to do is find Bonnie. Come on.
Elena: I don't care about Bonnie. I care about killing Katherine.
Damon: They're together, okay? So maybe you should do a little less threatening and a little more looking. Come on.
Stefan: Hey, there you are. Any luck?
Caroline: I searched the whole school. She should be here.
Caroline: What was that?
Stefan: Hm. Ice is melting.
Caroline: Ugh. It just doesn't make any sense. This is the center of the triangle. If she's gonna do the spell, she has to do it here. This is where they should be.
Stefan: Actually, I think we're in the right place...
Bonnie: Okay, this is the center of the triangle. I'm ready. Now, give me the tombstone.
Katherine: The fact that this spell hinges on some crappy hunk of blood-rock does little to inspire my confidence.
Bonnie: It's filled with the calcified blood of Qetsiyah, one of the strongest witches in the world. It'll work.
Damon: If I remember correctly, I think there's an entrance in the basement.
Stefan: Well, where's the basement?
Elena: 
Damon: You hear that?
Stefan: All right, I'll meet you there.
Elena: What?
Damon: You're gonna have to stay here.
Elena: Are you kidding me?
Damon: We really need to stop Bonnie from doing the spell, and if you get all murderous and screw it up--
Elena: Is that really the reason?
Damon: As self-righteous as Stefan is, he has a point. Behind your rage, there is a tidal wave of feelings - all of your guilt, all your grief, every emotion you've ever put off, and killing Katherine's gonna let it all in. And if you can't handle it, then we're back to square one.
Elena: And if I can? What if killing Katherine takes away all that grief and guilt? What if killing Katherine finally lets me feel all the good things that I've lost? Damon, help me. As soon as I get over this hurdle, I'll be me. I'll be able to think clearly, I'll be myself, and everything will go back to normal.
Damon: She's strong, and crafty, and you'll die.
Elena: At least I'll die trying.
Katherine: What is happening?
Bonnie: I'm channeling the Expression triangle.
Bonnie: It's done. The veil's down.
Alaric: Need a hand?
Damon: So this is either really good, or really bad.
Alaric: It's good to see you too, Damon.
Damon: I'd say the feeling is mutual, except a lot of people aren't exactly who they say they are around here.
Alaric: You think I'm Silas? Are you kidding me?
Damon: See, now this puts us in a bit of a pickle, because that is exactly what Silas would say.
Alaric: Now, would Silas know about Locker 42?
Damon: Ah, hang on. If I can see you...
Alaric: Well, not completely. It's only down inside the Expression triangle. If I step outside of it, it's back to ghost world.
Damon: Well, where is everybody? I figured with the veil down, it'd be like Ghost-a-palooza.
Alaric: Well, not every ghost has a reason to come back to Mystic Falls. Just the ones like me, looking after their idiot best friends.
Damon: I'm more worried about the ones looking out for their enemies.
Matt: This wind is weird. One minute it was blowing like a hurricane, now nothing, not even a breeze.
Rebekah: Looks like something wicked finally came.
Matt: You know, you don't have to be here. I mean, technically only one of us is getting paid.
Rebekah: But it's fun. And kind of cozy, with the storm outside, and the candlelight...and us.
Rebekah: Oh, my god. Kol.
Kol: Greetings from the dead. So, who fancies a drink?
Rebekah: I thought I'd never see you again.
Kol: 
Matt: I'm assuming this means Bonnie dropped the veil.
Kol: Not completely, and not for long. But who am I to give up an opportunity for revenge? My killer's already dead, but his sister's just as culpable, so maybe you could help me find her.
Matt: If you hurt Elena, I swear--
Kol: Oh, I'm going to. But please, continue. I'm curious as to where you're going with this.
Rebekah: You've made your point, Kol. Leave.
Kol: First tell me where I can find Elena.
Rebekah: She left here hours ago, we don't know where she is. Now get out!
Kol: I see you finally got the quarterback to pay attention to you. How's the throwing arm, champ?
Katherine: Tick-tock, Bonnie.
Bonnie: Stop talking. I can't reach out to Qetsiyah with you breaking my concentration every 5 seconds.
Katherine: Bonnie. Did you hear that? Someone's coming.
Bonnie: Can you be quiet?
Katherine: I have vampire hearing, Bonnie, and there's someone here. Unlink me so that I can go stall them while we wait for Qetsiyah to show up.
Bonnie: I'm not letting you go.
Katherine: Then at least give me some slack.
Bonnie: Fine. Go. Stop them.
Katherine: Silas...come and get me...
Elena: Hello, Katherine.
Katherine: I let you out of your cage, and this is how you thank me?
Elena: No. This is how I thank you.
Stefan: Bonnie. Bonnie, what happened?
Bonnie: Katherine. Find Katherine. We're linked.
Caroline: Then unlink her. You go, I'll stay with Bonnie.
Elena: You have done nothing but suck the happiness out of my life. Well, now I get to kill you.
Katherine: No, wait - please!
Elena: Goodbye, Katherine.
Elena: Stefan!
Katherine: 
Stefan: Get the hell out of here before I kill you myself.
Katherine: Really? I'm your biggest problem right now?
Rebekah: You know I could just cure this for you easily, right?
Matt: I'll be fine.
Rebekah: Why won't you ever let me help you?
Matt: It's not you, I just...Look, people in this town have a bad habit of turning into vampires, and I'd like to graduate high school as a human.
Matt: I think there's a First Aid kit in the back.
Rebekah: Okay.
Rebekah: Caroline, how are you still here--
Rebekah: Oh, my god.
Caroline: 
Silas: Bonnie, are you okay?
Bonnie: Yeah, now that I unlinked her.
Silas: What are you doing down here?
Bonnie: Waiting for Qetsiyah.
Silas: 
Silas: Qetsiyah isn't coming, Bonnie.
Bonnie: Silas. But - I saw Caroline. How? I thought you couldn't get inside my head.
Silas: That's what I wanted you to think. I can make you see whatever I want you to see. Am I a disfigured monster?
Silas: Of course not. The monster is what I wanted you to see.
Silas: That's the beauty of all this. You have no idea who I am.
Silas: Or what I look like.
Silas: Or how deep I am inside of your head.
Silas: You thought that you were more powerful than me?
Silas: I am stronger than you can imagine. I defeated the Hunter's Curse in minutes. You thought that you could betray me? You can't. I will always be one...step...ahead.
Elena: How could you save her? She was as good as dead.
Stefan: Yeah, and so was Bonnie. Bonnie used a spell to link herself to Katherine, so if you killed her, Bonnie would be dead, too.
Elena: How do you know that?
Stefan: Because I saw her, Elena. You almost killed your best friend.
Elena: I don't believe you.
Stefan: Really?
Elena: You never wanted me to kill Katherine. Why are you protecting her, Stefan?
Stefan: Listen to yourself. Your rage is making you crazy.
Elena: Do you still have feelings for her?
Stefan: This isn't even about Katherine, this is about Jeremy. What, you think that killing her will take all that pain away? It won't.
Elena: Oh, but beating up cinder blocks will?
Stefan: No, it's a distraction. Just like killing Katherine, just like turning your emotions off. The truth is, there are no shortcuts. You are a vampire, Elena. Loss is part of the deal. Look, I've been alive for 163 years. I have lost more loved ones than I can count, and it hurts me every single time.
Elena: So there's no hope? You're saying I'm hopeless?
Stefan: No, I'm saying you have to face your grief. But you don't have to do it alone - I can help you.
Elena: Oh, of course you can. God, Stefan! Always trying to help, and you're concerned for me, it's just like--
Stefan: You're transferring your rage onto me, that's good.
Elena: I don't need to transfer anything. I can hate two people just fine.
Stefan: Hey--
Elena: Just like the cinder block - nothing.
Rebekah: Caroline, hey, snap out of it.
Caroline: I need to bleed. Silas wants me to bleed.
Rebekah: Stop it, you're hallucinating!
Caroline: Just let me do this. I need to do this.
Rebekah: 
Matt: She's been here this whole time - that means Silas is with you.
Damon: Perfect.
Matt: Yeah, it gets worse. The veil's down. Kol came by looking for Elena, and he seemed a little pissed.
Damon: You got any good news for me, Donovan?
Matt: We'll handle this, just...watch your back.
Damon: Call Stefan and tell him about Caroline. Tell him to keep an eye on Elena. God knows he'll do a better job than me.
Alaric: Stefan? Isn't she your girlfriend?
Damon: Who knows. I know she was sired to me. I know her emotions were off. I know she's so full of rage, she wants to rip Katherine's head off.
Alaric: But you have no idea how she feels about you, and now you're freaking out.
Damon: Call Stefan.
Caroline: Let go of me!
Matt: Have you tried compelling her?
Rebekah: I can't, she's on vervain.
Caroline: Let me go!
Rebekah: Look, Caroline, you're graduating and - and Uncle Bob and Aunt Mary really want you to graduate with both your hands!
Caroline: I need to keep cutting, I need to keep cutting, I need to keep cutting...
Rebekah: Stop!
Caroline: I--
Caroline: Bitch!
Rebekah: 
Bonnie: Stay away from me.
Silas: Gladly...
Silas: I just want to pass on, Bonnie. I'll even let you kill me. I'll be out of your life for good.
Bonnie: But every dead supernatural creature will be roaming the earth.
Silas: Well, if you don't help me, I'll be roaming the earth.
Bonnie: I was never gonna drop the veil.
Silas: I'm curious: what was your plan? Pow-wow with Qetsiyah? Brainstorm ways to put me down? Qetsiyah's not coming. She wants me on the Other Side with her - for eternity.
Damon: Bonnie? Bonnie?
Silas: That sounds familiar.
Silas: Maybe Damon will convince you.
Bonnie: I won't let you--
Silas: You won't let me what?
Silas: You feel that, Bonnie? The air thinning...barely enough to breathe.
Elena: "Brother and friend"? What genius came up with that one?
Elena: I give up, Jer. I really wanted to kill her for you, but there's no point. 
Elena: I can't - I can't do this. I can't-- I can't move on. And I don't want to. If that makes me weak, then fine, I'm weak, but...I can't handle you-- I can't handle you being gone. I can't handle feeling like this anymore.
Kol: Hello, old friend.
Kol: Pity about your brother. Guess it's just me against you now.
Grams: Bonnie.
Grams: This isn't real, Bonnie. Feel the air in your lungs. Break through--
Bonnie: 
Grams: Would Silas try to save your life? Now breathe, child.
Grams: There.
Bonnie: I - I was so worried about you.
Grams: I know. But I'm okay. 
Bonnie: I messed up. I'm sorry.
Grams: You can still stop Silas.
Bonnie: No, I can't. Qetsiyah was able to immobilize him so he couldn't feed and get into people's heads. I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to put him down.
Grams: You can do that. Expression is the manifestation of your will. You could do anything. I don't like it, but sometimes there are no choices. But you are strong enough. You can do this.
Silas: Whoa, it's just me. I called Stefan, he's heading for Elena. Did you find Silas?
Damon: Yep.
Silas: 
Damon: No, you're not. I've spent more time in these tunnels than I care to admit, and there's no way you just came from the school. Your mind games don't work on me, Silas.
Bonnie: I may not be able to kill you, but I will stop you.
Bonnie: I will make the blood clot in your veins. I will make every bone, muscle and joint in your body turn to stone. You won't have power over us anymore.
Damon: What the hell is happening?
Bonnie: He can't hide behind his mind-control anymore. He's becoming his true self.
Damon: Who exactly might his true self be?
Bonnie: I guess we'll never know.
Kol: Now this is what I've missed: two people connecting.
Kol: It's lonely on the Other Side...and I swear being invisible will drive you mad. The way you couldn't see me standing in front of you, or feel my breath on your cheek as I whispered all the ways that I wished for you to suffer.
Kol: But alas, now you can.
Elena: Go ahead, Kol. Kill me. You'd be doing me a favor.
Kol: 
Jeremy: How many times do I need to kill you?
Kol: Jeremy Gilbert...Welcome back. Now, what's the saying? 'Kill me once, shame on you. Kill me twice, shame on--'
Stefan: Let's leave it at that, shall we?
Jeremy: Elena! 
Jeremy: Hey.
Elena: Jeremy.
Bonnie: You need to get rid of Silas' body.
Damon: Well, there's a slight problem, Medusa. Even though you turned him into stone, if he gets one more drop of blood he's back to his old mind tricks.
Stefan: All right, so let's do what we should've done to Klaus - let's drop his body in the middle of the ocean.
Elena: Bonnie? 
Bonnie: You don't have to say anything.
Elena: But I was so horrible to you.
Bonnie: You weren't you. I know what that's like. I wasn't me for a long time. We can talk about that later. 
Jeremy: Thank you, Bonnie.
Bonnie: I'll give you guys as much time as I can. 
Stefan: I should, ah, make sure Kol's body is somewhere safe until the veil goes back up.
Elena: Stefan, wait--
Stefan: Welcome back.
Elena: There isn't enough time.
Damon: It'll never be enough time.
Elena: Damon, I'm sorry that--
Damon: Stop. The most important thing right now is Jeremy, and saying goodbye.
Caroline: Good, you're here. We need to celebrate.
Stefan: Yeah, I'm not really in the mood to, ah, celebrate.
Caroline: What's wrong with you? Silas is dead, or whatever, and you're just sitting here like a bump on a log.
Stefan: There was someone that I thought I would see today, and, ah...I didn't. That's all.
Lexi: You better mean me.
Stefan: You've got to be kidding me.
Lexi: 
Damon: Calcified Silas is one heavy son-of-a-bitch.
Alaric: I can't think of a more appropriate way to spend my last moment as a semi-living person.
Damon: Oh, I'm sorry. Do you have some place better to be?
Alaric: 
Damon: I thought you were cutting back.
Alaric: Yeah, well, I thought you were gonna take care of the children.
Damon: You heard that? Well, that's not creepy.
Alaric: I, ah - I found this-- 
Damon: What the hell am I supposed to do with this?
Alaric: 
Lexi: She punched you in the face?
Stefan: Yep.
Lexi: Take a hint!
Stefan: So wait, you've been back, what, 5 minutes and you're already laughing at me?
Lexi: No, I've been laughing at you for a while, you just haven't been able to see me.
Stefan: Do you have any idea how much I've missed you?
Lexi: Trust me, I do. Although I see I've been replaced by another blonde?
Stefan: What are you giving me that look for?
Lexi: She's cute.
Stefan: Do not start.
Grams: You have to put up the veil.
Bonnie: Not yet.
Grams: What are you doing, Bonnie?
Bonnie: I can bring Jeremy back, I can keep him here.
Grams: No, you can't!
Bonnie: Elena needs him. This was always the plan. Jeremy wasn't supposed to die.
Grams: It was the will of Nature. There is no magic in this world that is strong enough to challenge it.
Bonnie: I have every magic! I have the spirits!
Bonnie: Phasmatos revenios un Animum.
Grams: Stop it!
Bonnie: I have Expression!
Grams: Stop it, Bonnie!
Bonnie: I have the darkness.
Grams: Bonnie, don't.
Bonnie: Phasmatos revenios un Animum. Phasmatos revenios un Animum. 
Matt: In case Caroline didn't thank you for pulling her out of that hallucination earlier...thanks.
Rebekah: I'm just glad I got the chance to knock her upside the face.
Rebekah: Oh, my god.
Matt: Who the hell is that?
Rebekah: That is my ex-boyfriend, Alexander. 
Rebekah: Thank god, the power's coming back. Maybe that means the veil's almost up and he'll disappear again.
Matt: Or not.
Rebekah: We should get out of here.
Connor: You should.
Vaughn: Too bad you can't.
Grams: I'm sorry, Bonnie. The spell. It was just too much.
Bonnie: Oh, my god...I'm dead!
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.