



Daddy Issues







Information


season
number




2
13






Navigation


previous
next




The Descent
Crying Wolf





Contents[show]
Forbes Residence

[Caroline leaves her house out and locks the door. She turns around to find Tyler waiting by her car.]

Caroline: Hey. How's it going?

Tyler: We need to talk.

Caroline: Yeah, we do. Listen...I've been thinking about it, and I don't want to over analyze. It was just one kiss, but Matt's still kind of in the picture. We can't go there, Tyler.

Tyler: Fine.

Caroline: Great. That's settled.

[She walks toward her car and presses the button on her key to unlock her car door.]

Tyler: What happened to my uncle Mason?

[She stops walking.]

Caroline: What?

Tyler: He's dead, and I want you to tell me what happened.

Caroline: I...I don't...

Tyler: Then let me tell you: Stefan and his brother Damon killed him, because Stefan and Damon are vampires, just like you.

Caroline: Who told you that?

Tyler: Is it true?

Caroline: Let me explain.

Tyler: Did you know he was dead this whole time?

Caroline: Please...

Tyler: Did you know?!

[She nods, and Tyler pushes her angrily against her car.]

Caroline: I'm sorry, Tyler. I'm sorry.

Tyler: I trusted you!

[He regains some of his composure and lets her go. He leaves Caroline stunned and upset.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon is in his bathroom, in the shower. He's listening to the news, and walks into his bedroom to watch. Andie Star is reporting on the TV.]

Andie (on TV): The authorities believe last night's assailant may also be related to the missing campers and park ranger who have yet to be found, as well as 25-year-old Jessica Cohen, reported missing this morning. The sheriff's department says investigations are pending and no further comment will be made. In related news Mayor Lockwood spoke earlier today...

Gilbert Residence

[John is in the kitchen, watching the same news channel on TV.]

Carol (on TV): Due to the recent tragedies that have plagued our town, we will be holding a memorial in Town Square today to honor all those we have lost. Join us and hope that as a community we can begin to heal.

[Elena enters the room. John switches off the TV.]

John: Morning.

Elena: What are you doing here?

John: Coffee?

Elena: We're not doing that. We did that last night. No more avoiding. Why are you here?

John: I'm here to protect you. That's all I can say for the moment.

Elena: What do you mean that's all you can say?

John: I'll tell you more when I'm convinced I can trust you.

[Jenna and Alaric enter the room. Jenna notices John's presence before Alaric does.]

Jenna: Oh God, I'm late.

Alaric: That's what you get for hitting the snooze three times!

[Jenna sees John and is surprised.]

Jenna: What the hell?

John: Good morning to you, Jenna. Alaric...

Jenna: It's okay I'm confused, right? Because we were not expecting you, like, ever.

John: Well, I got in late last night. Elena let me in.

Alaric: You know, I'm uh, probably just gonna take off.

[He looks at Elena and leaves.]

Jenna: I'm still confused here.

John: I decided to come back and stay for a while.

Jenna: Not here, you're not.

John: Actually, you can't stop me from living here.

Jenna: Actually I can, as legal guardian.

John: Yeah, about that...um, Elena, you want me to explain the situation, or would you like to do the honors?

Jenna: Okay, what's going on?

Elena: I'm sorry, Jenna. I should have told you earlier, but--

John: [interrupts] I'm Elena's biological father. There, now you know.

[He walks away, leaving Elena alone to deal with a confused Jenna.]

Jenna: What?!

Salvatore Boarding House

[Stefan and Damon are in Stefan's bedroom.]

Damon: You brought back John Gilbert? That was your big "Save Elena" move?

Stefan: I went to go look for Isobel, and I get John instead. He said he can help us, and we're desperate.

Damon: We're not that desperate, Stefan. The guy tried to barbecue me!

Stefan: Damon, Bonnie's new witch friend is working with Elijah, so we have to assume that the moonstone was never destroyed . Elena is putting all of her faith into some deal that she made with Elijah to keep everyone safe. I mean, do you trust Elijah? I don't trust him. He's an Original, he can't be trusted. It's not like we can just go up and kill him, because apparently, he can't die!

Damon: I'm still waiting for the part where John Gilbert is the answer.

Stefan: He knew about the sacrifice, Isobel told him. He said he knew of a way to keep Elena safe.

Damon: And how do we do that?

Stefan: He's not talking. At least not to me anyway.

Damon: Great work Stefan. Top notch. As if I didn't have enough problems.

Stefan: Hey, I'm sorry about Rose.

Damon: Whatever. I knew the woman for five minutes.

Stefan: And you cared about her after five minutes. I wonder what that means?

Damon: It means I care, Stefan. It means I'm changing, evolving into a man capable of greatness. Better watch your back, because I may just have to go get a hero-hairdo of my own, and steal your thunder.

[He leaves. Stefan receives a text from Caroline reading "911 NOW".]

Lockwood Mansion

[The doorbell rings.]

Tyler: I got it, Mom.

[Tyler opens the door. It's Jules. He lets her in.]

Forbes Residence

[Caroline lets Stefan in.]

Stefan: What's wrong?

Caroline: Tyler knows about you and Damon. He knows that Damon killed Mason. I didn't say a word.

Stefan: It's that woman, Jules. She had a run-in with Damon.

Caroline: Tyler was so upset. The look on his face, he was so betrayed.

Stefan: Wow, this is bad.

Caroline: You're not gonna tell Damon, are you?

Stefan: No! He already wants to kill him. He thinks all werewolves should die, and he's not wrong to think that, Caroline. I mean, what if Tyler tries to retaliate? He has every right to. He could get himself killed.

Caroline: Well, we're not gonna let that happen. We have to get to him and reason with him before he does something stupid. You have to talk to him. Just try to explain, you know? You always know the right things to say, okay? He and I...we're friends.

Lockwood Mansion

Jules: I was right, wasn't I? Your little vampire friend, she was lying.

Tyler: What do you want?

Jules: I want you to understand that a vampire will never be your friend. It's our nature to be enemies.

Tyler: You know how stupid that sounds?

Jules: You need to leave here, it's not safe.

Tyler: I can't just run away with you. I don't even know you. My mom would freak. My life is here.

Jules: Your old life. Your new life is just beginning. You have so much to learn.

Tyler: Like what?

Jules: How to survive. You've triggered the curse, Tyler. It's important you learn what it means to be a lycanthrope. We live by a code of loyalty, we take care of each other. It's my duty and honor to help you. Please let me.

Gilbert Residence

[Damon arrives, and Elena lets him in.]

Damon: Where's John?

Elena: He's not here, he left. I don't know where he went. He just blew in, announced to Jenna that he's my dad, and then took off.

Damon: That's public knowledge now?

Elena: Apparently?

Damon: Are you okay?

Elena: Yeah. Jenna's head spinning, but I'm okay.

Damon: He said what he was doing here?

Elena: No. You know, Stefan thinks that he's telling the truth about wanting to help me.

Damon: Do you believe him?

Elena: No, I don't believe him for a second.

Damon: Me neither.

Elena: What are we gonna do?

Damon: Kill him.

[Damon turns to leave.]

Elena: Damon...

Damon: I'm joking. Okay, I'm a little serious.

Elena: Damon!

Damon: I'm not gonna hurt him, Elena. I'm the good guy now, remember?

Elena: What does that mean?

Damon: I'm gonna have a civil conversation with your father.

Elena: Wait, I'm coming with you!

[She follows him out the door.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Tyler is on the computer in his dad's office when he sees Stefan is in the room. He tries to leave, but Stefan stops him.]

Stefan: I'm not gonna hurt you, I just want to talk.

Tyler: Then why did you break in?

Stefan: Would you have let me in otherwise?

[Carol Lockwood comes down the stairs and gets ready to leave.]

Carol: Tyler?

[Tyler tries to run, but Stefan stops him and pushes him against a wall, his vampire-face out.]

Stefan: Shh. Not a word.

Carol: Tyler? I'm leaving for the memorial.

[Carol leaves.]

Woods

[Jules arrives at a RV. She knocks.]

Jules: Brady?

[She opens the door, but no one's there. She turns around. Brady is standing behind her. She smiles and they kiss.]

Jules: This is a hard place to find.

Brady: You told me to stay under the radar.

Jules: Thanks for coming.

Brady: Are you sure these vamps killed Mason?

Jules: Positive. You have to be careful.

Brady: I'm not afraid of a vampire.

Jules: I know, baby, but I want the boy more than I want vengeance.

Brady: I say let's get both.

[They kiss.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Stefan releases Tyler.]

Stefan: Maybe we're getting off on the wrong foot, here.

Tyler: What happened to Mason?

Stefan: Tyler, there's a lot for us to talk about.

[He tries to leave but Stefan grabs him.]

Stefan: I wouldn't do that. Without a full moon, you're no match for me.

Town Square

[John joins Carol Lockwood at the memorial.]

Carol: It's good to have you back, John. We could really use you.

John: And the Council? What are they doing?

Carol: Damon Salvatore is leading the Council now. Talk to him. Excuse me.

[A woman arrives to talk to Carol. She leaves. Jeremy walks by, and John stops him.]

John: Jeremy, there you are.

Jeremy: Looks like I slept through the homecoming.

John: You didn't miss much. Let's say that no one's happy to see me would be an understatement.

Jeremy: Look, things are different now. You can't come around and start up with all this anti-vampire stuff.

John: I have no intention of doing that. How's that ring been treating you?

Jeremy: Look, if this is what you came for, just take it and go.

[He offers him the ring, but John doesn't take it.]

John: What kind of a man would I be if I took that from you? You want to go grab some lunch?

Jeremy: I think I'll pass.

[John leaves. Jeremy sees Bonnie and smiles. Jonas approaches Bonnie and walks alongside her.]

Jonas: Hello, Bonnie.

Bonnie: I don't have anything to say to you, Dr. Martin, or your son.

Jonas: You must be feeling very confused about us.

Bonnie: There's nothing confusing about it. I trusted Luka, and he betrayed me. Elena told me you were both working for Elijah, so don't lie about it.

Jonas: I won't, but that doesn't mean we're not also looking out for you.

Bonnie: Spare me the witch loyalty crap.

Jonas: You might not want to believe this, but Elijah is a man of his word. You can trust that he'll keep his end of the deal with Elena to keep you and your friends protected.

Bonnie: You're right, I don't believe it.

[Jeremy approaches them.]

Jeremy: Is there a problem here?

Bonnie: Not at all.

[Jeremy puts his arm around her, and they walk away together.]

Jeremy: What was that about?

Bonnie: More lies.

Mystic Grill

[Jenna and Alaric are talking at a table while they eat lunch.]

Jenna: I can't believe it. Elena is my sister's husband's brother's daughter and her mother is my boyfriend's deceased wife. You can't make this stuff up.

Alaric: It's definitely a little overwhelming.

Jenna: I can't believe that they kept it a secret. How is it even possible to keep a secret like that?

[John enters the Grill. Jenna notices him.]

Jenna: Ugh!

[John joins them.]

John: Hey you two. Do you think I can join you?

Jenna: Do you have to?

John: I guess I don't have to, but I might as well. Look who's here.

[John turns his head and sees Damon and Elena arrive.]

Elena (to Damon): We just need answers. Please don't do anything stupid.

Damon: Yeah, but stupid is so much more fun.

Elena: Damon, I mean it. All I'm asking is you try to keep it together. Be the better man.

Damon: Okay then.

[They join John.]

Damon: John, buddy, how have you been?

John: I've been all right, Damon. It's good to see you.

Lockwood Mansion

Stefan: Look, about Caroline, no matter what her flaws are, when push comes to shove, you're gonna want that girl on your side. She's your friend, stop being a dick to her.

Tyler: I thought vampires hated werewolves.

Stefan: That's some sort of leftover idea from another time. It doesn't have to be that way anymore. We go to the same school, we have the same friends. we keep the same secrets. This can work, Tyler. I mean, it's your home, it's my home too. I want this to work.

[Tyler's phone buzzes. They stare at each other for a moment, before Tyler slips past Stefan and answers it. It's Jules.]

Tyler: Help, help!

[Stefan grabs the phone and hangs up.]

Stefan: Who's number was that, hm?

[Tyler says nothing. Stefan tosses the phone on the desk.]

Stefan: Damn it Tyler! I'm trying to save your life, can't you see that?

Woods

[Jules hangs up. Worried, she returns to Brady.]

Jules: We have a problem.

Mystic Grill

[John is lighting a candle for the victims. Damon joins him.]

Damon: So, John. Rumor has it that you know a lot, and won't say anything.

John: How do I know you can be trusted, Damon? Originals can compel vampires. And, according to Stefan, that's why Katherine's still in the tomb, because an Original has compelled her to stay there.

Damon: Only because all of the vervain had left her system. Stefan and I, on the other hand, are chock full.

John: You guys are drinking vervain?

Damon: It's an acquired taste. I don't see that magic little ring on your stitched finger, so if you know something about Klaus, you better start talking, or I will kill you in your sleep.

John: Is that any way to convince me that you and I are on the same side? First, I need to know that I can trust you, Damon, that I can count on you. Then we'll talk.

[He leaves.]
[Meanwhile, Caroline is in the parking lot walking towards her car. She presses her key button to unlock the door. Matt approaches her.]

Matt: Hey! Hey!

Caroline: Hey.

Matt: I haven't seen you.

Caroline: I'm not avoiding you, I swear.

Matt: Yeah, you're avoiding me a little.

Caroline: Okay, maybe a little.

Matt: Can we talk later? I mean, I'm heading to work right now, but maybe after, to clear some of this weirdness?

Caroline: Yeah, yeah, I'd really like that. I'll just swing by when you're closing?

Matt: Sounds good.

Caroline: Okay, bye.

[He leaves. Caroline goes to her car and senses that someone's behind her. It's Jules.]

Jules: Excuse me, Caroline right?

Caroline: Yeah.

Jules: I'm looking for Tyler. You haven't seen him, have you?

Caroline: No, not since earlier. Sorry.

[Caroline opens her car door and moves to get in.]

Jules: I know you're lying.

Caroline: Really? How? Is that one of your little wolf tricks?

Jules: Actually, it is.

Caroline: Well, I have a trick too.

[She vamps out and turns around, but Jules sprays her with a vervain spray. Caroline is hurt, heals and turns around again, but Brady is standing in front of her and shoots her point blank in the head. Caroline drops to the ground.]

The Woods

[Caroline wakes up in a cage in Brady's RV. She has a bullet entry wound on her forehead. She screams a little as she digs the bullet out of her head and numbly drops it. She tries to unlock the cage, but sees Brady and stops.]

Brady: I see you got the bullet out. That was nasty. I got lots of wooden bullets, other toys. It's gonna be a long night, sweet pea.

[He shoots her in the chest. She screams.]

Lockwood Mansion

Tyler: You want to be friends, great, we're friends. Will you go now?

Stefan: I don't know what else to say to you Tyler. I came back to this town because I wanted a life, I wanted to exist where I could have friends and where I could build a family. I have that here, we can both have that.

[Stefan's phone rings. The caller ID says Caroline. He picks up.]

Stefan: Hey. Is everything okay?

Jules: That depends. How badly do you want to keep her alive?

Stefan: Who is this?

Jules: Ask your brother. Where's Tyler?

Stefan: Jules? Where's Caroline?

Jules: You made a mistake, Stefan. I'm gonna give you a chance to fix it.

Stefan: Where is she?

Jules: Right here. Want proof?

[Jules goes into the RV where Caroline and Brady are.]

Jules: He needs proof.

[He shoots Caroline in the arm and she screams. Stefan hears her screaming.]

Tyler: What's happening?

Stefan: Hurt her again and you're dead.

Jules: I hurt her again, and she's dead. Bring Tyler to me, the clearing by Wickery Falls. You have 20 minutes until she dies.

[She hangs up.]

Mystic Grill

[Damon is at the bar. Jenna joins him. She's with a woman.]

Jenna: So, my friend wants to meet you. Damon Salvatore, this is...

Damon: I know you. The news lady.

Andie: Yeah, Andie Star. Nice to meet you. Can I buy you a drink, Damon?

[Elena watches them.]

Damon: My glass is all full, Andie. Thank you.

[He leaves and returns to Elena.]

Elena: You totally blew her off.

Damon: I'm steering clear of all women at the moment.

Elena: You didn't have to be rude.

Damon: Trust me, it's in the best interest of women everywhere.

[Elena's phone rings. She answers it.]

Elena: Stefan? What is it?

[She looks at Damon.]
[Damon and Elena regroup in the restroom.]

Damon: Why am I just finding out about this now?

Elena: Stefan was worried that you--

Damon: That I'll what? That I'd kill him? Of course, it's what's need to happen.

Elena: No, Damon, not Tyler. Do whatever you need to do to get Caroline back but just leave Tyler out of it, okay?

Damon: Why? He's a werewolf, he needs to die. I'm willing to kill him, it's win-win.

[She touches his arm.]

Elena: Damon please, okay? Too many people are dead.

Damon: You need to stop doing that.

Elena: Doing what?

[She removes her arm.]

Damon: Assuming that I'll play the good guy because it's you who's asking.

Elena: Be the better man, Damon.

[John enters the room.]

Damon: Do you mind?

John: What's going on?

Elena: Nothing.

John: It doesn't look like nothing.

Damon: Well guess what John, trust works both ways. Get out.

Elena: Look, we don't have time for this. We need to get Caroline back.

Damon: We don't need to do anything. I'll take care of it.

[He turns around and looks at John.]

Damon: First dad duty: ground your daughter. Keep her here.

[He leaves.]

Elena: I'm coming with you.

John: No, no, no, no, no. I'm with Damon on this one. No, stop, stop. You're not going anywhere. Just tell me what's going on.

Woods

[Caroline is still in the cage. She's crying.]

Brady: So, How many vampires are there in this town anyway?

[She doesn't answer, so he shoots her with a squirt gun filled with vervain. She screams.]

Brady: No?

[Caroline kicks at the bars.]

Caroline: Why are you doing this to me?! Why are you doing this? Why?

Brady: You're a vampire. Why not?

[He uses a blowgun to shoot wooden darts in her neck. She screams.]

Brady: I'm sorry, what was that?

Caroline: Let me out!

Brady: Excuse me? What was that?

[She kicks and screams.]

Caroline: Let me out!

[Brady leaves to join Jules outside.]

Jules: Get it out of your system?

Brady: No, I'm just getting started.

Jules: Brady, let's be smart about this. I just want the boy. It's our duty to help him, it's who we are.

Brady: You want to talk duty and honor? These are vampires. They cross one of us, they cross all of us. That's who we are.

Mystic Grill

[Elena storms out of the restroom, but John stops her.]

John: You're not leaving this restaurant.

Elena: You can't tell me what to do.

John: Yes I can. You want to know why? Because I'm here to make sure you stay safe.

Elena: I've got that covered.

John: Are you talking about the deal that you made with Elijah? Do you really think he's gonna keep his promise to you? Putting your faith in him was a dumb move.

Elena: Are you saying I should put my faith in you? After everything that you did to Stefan and Damon?

John: We've had our differences, and I've made mistakes, but you and I, we're family.

Elena: You don't get to use that word. That word is off-limits to you!

John: [sighs] Fine, but it doesn't change the facts.

Elena: You're right. Facts are facts, so listen up: you may be my father, but I'm never going to be your daughter, you got that?

[She leaves.]

Woods

[Jules is alone. Suddenly she hears something.]

Jules: I know you're out there.

[Stefan goes out of the woods with Tyler.]

Stefan: Where's Caroline?

Jules: Locked up tight.

Stefan: Let her go, and I'll release Tyler. It doesn't have to get any messier than it already has. I'm not your enemy, Jules.

Jules: It's a little late to be waving the white flag, don't you think?

Stefan: You need to leave town. No one else has to get hurt.

Jules: I'm not leaving without Tyler.

Stefan: Tyler is free to make his own decisions, as soon as you release Caroline.

[Damon arrives.]

Damon: My brother the peacemaker. Since Stefan got here before me I'm gonna let him try it his way before I resort to my way, which is a little bloodier. So give us Caroline.

Jules: Let go of Tyler.

Damon: Give us Caroline. Without a full moon it's not an even fight and you know it. We will take you.

Jules: I'm not so sure about that, tough guy.

[She whistles, and the rest of her pack walks out of their hiding places, all holding weapons including stakes, cross-bows, and a flame-thrower.]

Jules: Let's try this again. Give us Tyler.

[Damon looks at Tyler.]

Damon: You heard her. Go. Get over there.

[Tyler walks over to Jules.]

Brady: Which one of you killed Mason?

Damon: Uh, that'd be me.

Brady: Boys, make sure that one suffers.

[Damon looks at Stefan.]

Damon: We can take them.

Stefan: I don't know about that.

Damon: Well then...

[He rushes over Jules, but she flips onto the top of the RV. Tyler has gone inside. One of the werewolves tries to burn Stefan, but he takes the flamethrower from him and burns two werewolves with it. One of the werewolves tries to jump from the RV roof on Damon, but he rips his heart out mid-air.]
[Inside the RV, Tyler sees Caroline in the cage.]

Caroline: Tyler, there's a latch on the door and I can't get to it.

[He hesitates.]

Caroline: Tyler?

[Outside, Stefan kills a werewolf. Another uses a crossbow to fire a stake at him but he catches it.]
[Inside the RV]

Caroline: Tyler, please! Tyler?

[He finally walks toward the cage and opens it for her.]
[Stefan fights with one of the werewolves and drive his stake through his body. Another shoots an arrow at him, but he catches it and throws it in his neck. The werewolf falls on the ground. Another goes behind Stefan and drives a stake through his back. Stefan falls on the ground. Damon fights with Brady, but Jules arrives and shoots him with a wooden bullet. He falls on the ground.]
[Tyler opens the cage so Caroline can leave, but Jules grabs her, pushes her face-first against the RV and puts a gun to her back. Tyler sees Caroline being held at gunpoint, but he doesn't do anything. Brady grabs a stake and is about to kill Damon, but suddenly, all of the werewolves except Tyler begin to scream in pain. They all cover their ears with their hands and fall to their knees.]

Caroline: What's happening?

Tyler: What the hell is going on?

[Jonas Martin appears. He's walking with his hands held out while he's casting a spell on the werewolves. Damon and Stefan get up off the ground.]

Jonas: Elijah made a promise to Elena. I'm here to see it's upheld. You need to go. Get out of here. Now.

[They leave. Jonas look at Tyler.]

Jonas: When your friends awaken, give them a message: They need to get the hell out of this town.

[He leaves.]

Forbes Residence

[Stefan walks Caroline to her doorstep.]

Stefan: So is your mom home?

Caroline: No, she's at work.

Stefan: I can come in, if you want me to.

Caroline: I'm fine, Stefan.

Stefan: You don't have to pretend with me. Anybody would be upset after what you went through tonight.

Caroline: I'm okay. I'm not girly little Caroline anymore. I can handle myself.

Stefan: Sure you can.

Caroline: I just really want to go shower so...

Stefan: Okay.

Caroline: Good night.

Stefan: Good night.

[She walks inside and closes the door.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon opens the door to find John on the front step.]

Damon: What do you want?

John: We didn't finish our conversation.

Damon: I'll bite.

[Damon reluctantly allows John into the house.]

John: I've been thinking. Personal feelings aside Damon, I think you and Stefan will do all you can to protect Elena.

Damon: I agree with that statement.

John: So I come bearing gifts.

[He opens a folded cloth, which holds a silver dagger and a jar full of ash.]

Damon: What is that?

John: This is how you kill an Original. In this vial is ash from a white oak tree that dates back to the genesis of the Originals. The dagger must be dipped into the ash, and then plugged into their heart.

[Damon takes the dagger.]

Damon: How do you know all this, John?

John: Isobel. She's very good at finding out things. But, of course, you know that.

Damon: Where is Isobel?

John: Let's just say if she accomplishes what she's attempting, Klaus will never set foot in Mystic Falls. Where Elena's concerned, you and I are on the same side.

[He leaves.]

Forbes Residence

[Caroline is in her bedroom and is pulling out some of the darts from her skin. Her phone rings. It's Matt.]

Caroline: Hi.

Matt: Hey. Did something happened?

Caroline: Oh my...I'm so sorry Matt.

Matt: Are you okay?

Caroline: Yeah. Something came up with Bonnie and she needed me, a friend thing. You understand?

[Matt turns his head and sees Bonnie and Jeremy laughing at a table.]

Matt: Yeah so you're with her right now?

Caroline: Yeah. so I'm not gonna make it tonight, but can I see you tomorrow?

Matt: Yeah, sure. I hope everything works out. Good night.

[He hangs up. She continues picking out the darts from her skin. Someone knocks on the door. It's Tyler. Caroline opens the door.]

Tyler: Are you okay?

Caroline: I'm fine.

Tyler: I had no idea they would come for you.

Caroline: Do you know what they did to me?

Tyler: I'm sorry, but it's crazy now, okay? I don't know who to trust. You lied to me.

Caroline: I lied to protect my friends. I lied to protect you. Don't you get that?

Tyler: Caroline...

Caroline: You just stood there when they were going to kill us. You just stood there! You didn't do anything!

Tyler: I didn't know what to do!

Caroline: You help your friend, that's what you do.

Tyler: I'm sorry.

Caroline: No, it's too late, because we're not friends anymore. And what happened to me tonight, that will never happen again. So, you take that back to your little werewolf pack, and you get the hell out of my house!

[She slams the door in his face.]

Gilbert Residence

[Elena takes a bottle of water in the fridge and when she closes it, John is waiting for her on the other side of the door.]

John: I'm sorry about earlier.

Elena: Enough, already. I don't want you here. and I can't make that anymore clear.

John: I didn't come here to fight with you, Elena.

Elena: Yeah, I know, you're here to protect me. Got it, get in line.

John: I thought you might want this. It was you mother's.

[He hands her a bracelet.]

Elena: Isobel?

John: No, your mother, Miranda. I remember her wearing it when she was young. I found it in a box, with some things that your dad left me. Here, it's yours now.

John: Miranda and Grayson were your parents, Elena, and I know I'm nothing to you. You have no reason to believe me or trust me. I've done so many horrible things, but when you lost your parents, I lost my brother, my family. I lost my way. I know that I probably won't ever make things right with you, but I'm gonna do everything I can to protect you and protect this family.

[He leaves. She's crying. She turns her head and sees Stefan. She rushes into his arms.]

Stefan: Elena.

Elena: Are you okay?

Stefan: I'm fine.

Elena: Did you hear that? I don't believe him, Stefan. I just don't. What happened tonight? How's Caroline?

Stefan: I could use your help...

The Woods

[Tyler knocks on the door of Brady's RV. Jules let him in, and he joins her and Brady.]

Jules: Hey, come on in.

Tyler: I'm sorry about your friends.

[Brady motions for Tyler to sit down with the bottle of alcohol he's holding. Tyler sits down. Brady puts the bottle on the table near Tyler and Tyler takes it and has a drink.]

Tyler: It's not always like this...is it?

Jules: No. Is it Brady?

Brady: No, man. You're living in vampire country, that's all. It's way better than this.

Tyler: Mason didn't tell me anything about it. He was gone. Dead I guess, before he could help me.

Brady: I don't get what Mason was even doing here in the first place.

Jules: His brother died. You know that, Brady.

Brady: Why was he stupid enough to stay and get himself killed?

Tyler: Because of this rock he was trying to find.

Brady: [confused] What rock?

Tyler: A moonstone.

[Brady gives Jules a knowing look.]

Jules: I had no idea.

Tyler: What?

Brady: A moonstone? Did he find it?

Tyler: Yeah.

Brady: Where is it now?

Tyler: I couldn't tell you.

Forbes Residence

[Stefan knocks on the door. Caroline opens it, dressed in her bathrobe. She looks completely healed of her wounds.]

Caroline: Hey.

Stefan: Hey!

Caroline: What's going on?

Stefan: I was a bit worried about you, after everything you went through tonight.

Caroline: I'm fine.

Stefan: Good. But, just in case, I brought some back up.

[Elena and Bonnie appear behind him.]

Elena: We're gonna slumber it!

Bonnie: We haven't done it in ages.

[Caroline cries. The girls all hug each other. Elena looks at Stefan, and mouths "I love you" to him. He mouths "I love you" back to her, and walks away.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon is in his bathtub, taking a bubble bath with Andie Star. He's kissing her on the cheek.]

Andie: I can't believe you called me. I thought I was being way top forward when I had Jenna give you my number.

Damon: I like a woman who knows what she wants.

Andie: Thank you! So, what do you want Mister tall-dark-and-handsome?

Damon: I'm not that tall. I need a distraction.

Andie: You can booty-call me anytime you want.

Damon: You see, the only thing is, miss sexy-reporter-girl, I have a problem I need help with. It's really messing with my mind.

Andie: Oh, tell me about it.

Damon: I'm in love with a woman I can never have.

Andie: I knew it. I know how to pick 'em. So, why can't you have her? She's with another man, I assume?

Damon: Yeah. but that's not the point. The point is, I'm in love with her, and that drives me crazy. I'm not in control.

Andie: You don't trust yourself around her?

Damon: I don't trust myself around anyone, Andie. I'm bad, Andie. I do things. I kill people.

[She realizes he's serious and feels afraid but he compels her.]

Damon: Don't be afraid, you're okay.

Andie: Why do you kill people?

Damon: Because I like it. It's in my nature, it's who I am. But then, I have to stay together to protect her, and she wants me to be the better man, which means I can't be who I am. Do you see the problem I'm having, Andie?

Andie: Well, maybe this is who you are now. Love does that Damon, it changes us.

Damon: Just stop talking. Just kiss me, be my distraction.

[They kiss. After a moment, Damon starts kissing her neck, and then bites her on the neck and feeds on her.]

Fell's Church Tomb

[Katherine is sitting on the ground, but she gets up when she hears a noise. She sees that John is there.]

John: I know you were expecting someone else.

Katherine: I sent Stefan to find Isobel.

John: She got your message. She was busy, so she sent me instead.

Katherine: Does Stefan know that you're here right now?

John: No. No one does. This is between you, me, and Isobel.

Katherine: I want out of this tomb, John.

John: I'm already on it.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

