Elena: Stefan, who was that man in the road?
Stefan: I don't know. Do you remember anything else about him?
Elena: I wish. I never really saw his face. He was wearing a hoodie. All I can remember is that there was these black boots coming towards me.
Stefan: I brought some vervain for, um—for you and Jenna. 
Elena: 
Stefan: I know, but there's another vampire in town. So until we find out who it is and what he wants, we have to be careful.
Noah: Hey. It's gonna be $22. 
Jeremy: 
Elena: Hi. Um, keep the change.
Noah: Thanks. And you have yourself a good night.
Stefan: What are you lookin' for, Damon?
Damon: Not your concern.
Stefan: No, but putting Elena in harm's way, that is my concern.
Damon: 
Stefan: I'm talking about Atlanta.
Damon: 
Stefan: I get it. You're just bitter because one of us gets to be with the person that we love, and poor Katherine is just out of reach. Unless there's another way for you to get into that tomb. Is that what Bree said?
Damon: You're pathetic when you're fishing.
Stefan: And you're transparent when you're deflecting.
Damon: Don't you have school?
Alaric: Surprised? It's a good essay. Your thoughts are clear, and your argument is well laid out. It's just, uh, you don't actually think there are vampires in Mystic Falls.
Jeremy: No. I mean, I think statistically there's been more animal attacks, mysterious deaths, uh, people gone missing, more than any other place in the whole commonwealth of Virginia.
Alaric: It's conjecture, but creative, which is why you got the "A." I just wouldn't get too, uh, caught up in the whole conspiracy theory of it all.
Jeremy: Ah, I won't.
Alaric: Oh, uh, Jeremy,the source that you cited for the 1860s info, uh, Johnathan Gilbert...?
Jeremy: Oh, my ancestor's journal?
Alaric: I'd really like to see that sometime.
Jeremy: Really?
Alaric: A first-person account of the Civil War? That's like, uh, porn for a history teacher.
Jeremy: You think my essay's creative, wait till you get a load of this thing.
Alaric: Thank you.
Caroline: It's so pretty. Thank you. God, it'll go with, like, everything. What's the occasion?
Elena: No occasion. Just a little friend gift.
Caroline: Lesbian friend necklace? Cause we're freaky like that?
Elena: Your friendship is important to me.
Caroline: Why are you being so mushy?
Elena: Because you've been avoiding me, and I wanted you to know that whatever is going on with you and Matt, it's ok.
Caroline: I was gonna talk to you about that. I was, but there's just not much to say. You know, we've hung out a couple times. That's it, but...I just feel like we've peeked as friends. 
Elena: It's a little weird, but 
Caroline: But it's all about you. Matt's not over you, and we all know it.
Elena: I'm with Stefan now. Matt understands that. He knows he has to move on.
Ben: Matt Donovan. What do you know?
Matt: Ben McKittrick. What's up, man?
Ben: Rough season, bud.
Matt: Yeah. It's kind of hard to recover when you have to forfeit half your games.
Ben: You gonna be workin' here?
Matt: Yep, followin' in your footsteps, minus the state championship.
Ben: Well, we can't all be Football Gods.
Matt: Yeah.
Ben: So what's the plan? Cook line?
Matt: Busboy.
Bonnie: I can't believe you're adopted. I never saw that coming.
Elena: And it gets weirder. I looked at my birth certificate. It lists Miranda and Grayson Gilbert as my birthparents. None of it makes any sense.
Bonnie: Which is why you should ask Jenna.
Bonnie: First of all, the Elena I know would always want the real truth, good or bad.
Elena: And second of all?
Bonnie: You just found out your boyfriend is a 
Elena: Ah, ok, look, I have to go to the store. My outfit for the dance is severely lacking accessories.
Bonnie: Ok, I'll pay the bill.
Elena: Ok. Bye.
Bonnie: Bye.
Bonnie: What do you want from me?
Damon: I think we need a fresh start.
Bonnie: You tried to kill me.
Damon: But I didn't, and if I wanted to, I would have. Does that not count for anything?
Bonnie: You know, I can start fires with my mind. Fires kill vampires, right? 
Ben: Everything ok over here?
Damon: Yeah, we're fine.
Ben: I wasn't talkin' to you.
Bonnie: Thank you.
Ben: Anytime, Bonnie.
Bonnie: Wait. You remember me?
Ben: I didn't graduate that long ago. You're makin' me feel old.
Bonnie: No, sorry. I didn't...I didn't mean that. I just—I didn't know you knew me.
Ben: I always know a pretty face.
Elena: 
Noah: Hello, Elena.
Elena: Hey, who's this?
Noah: You hit me with your car.
Noah: Is that a new one?
Noah: You got away from me. You won't next time
Elena: Why me? What does he want with me? A-and if he's trying to kill me, then why call first?
Stefan: That's because we're predators, Elena. We hunt. We stalk. It's often as exciting as the kill. I want you to take this.
Elena: This is Jeremy's pocket watch. How did you get it?
Stefan: I took it from Damon, who took it from Logan, who must have taken it from you.
Elena: What happened to it?
Stefan: Well, it's not just a watch. It's a...it's a sort of compass, but it points to vampires.
Elena: Why did my father have it?
Stefan: Gilberts were one of the founding families, and back in 1864, they were among those who sought to eradicate the vampires. The compass was used to find us.
Elena: Did you know them?
Stefan: Yes. I want you to keep this. That way, you'll know if you're ever in danger.
Matt: I've never seen you such a mess.
Caroline: 
Matt: I mean, 
Caroline: Well, I do that, too, but if you want something done right, you gotta do it yourself. You know, I just like that we're hanging out. Who knew—you and me?
Matt: Well, who knew you could be fun?
Caroline: So what are you wearing to this dumb dance, anyway? Should we color-coordinate?
Matt: Uh, I'm not goin'.
Caroline: Why not?
Matt: I gotta work, bussin' tables at the Grill.
Caroline: Since when are you a busboy?
Matt: It's a job. You know, some of us have to work, Caroline. With our mom in and out, things are tight, so...
Caroline: 
Matt: Well, I do. I gotta go.
Anna: Hey. How'd it go?
Jeremy: What?
Anna: The paper.
Jeremy: Oh. I got an "A." Thanks for the articles. They really helped.
Anna: Cool. So what'd he say about the vampires? Did he believe it?
Jeremy: I don't even believe it. It's just a paper, Anna. Anyways, I, uh—I gotta get goin'.
Anna: Uh, hey, um...D-do you wanna do something later, maybe?
Jeremy: Uh, sorry. I'm stuck on punch duty at the school dance.
Anna: Oh. How'd you get stuck with that?
Jeremy: Well, I'm failin' English, so I copped a plea.
Anna: Maybe, you know, tomorrow or something.
Anna: I'm being pushy again, aren't I? Heh.
Jeremy: Well, thanks for the help. I'll—I'll see you around.
Jenna: Spoke to the insurance company. Car's totaled. You can keep using mine for now.
Elena: So you're coming to the dance?
Jenna: 
Elena: Why didn't you tell me, Jenna?
Jenna: Your mom was gonna do it eventually. I never thought I'd have to.
Elena: If my mom were here right now and I asked, she'd tell me the truth.
Jenna: Your dad was about to leave the office one night when this girl showed up. She was sixteen, a runaway, and about to give birth. He delivered her baby, and he gave her a place to stay, but a few days later, she disappeared. And there you were. Your parents were trying so hard to have a baby. I-it just wasn't happening. All Miranda ever wanted was to be a mom.
Elena: Well, why were my parents' names on the birth certificate?
Jenna: Your dad was a doctor, Elena. He took care of it. They didn't wanna lose you, so they kept it quiet, told as few people as possible, but if anyone ever wanted proof, they had documentation.
Elena: What else do you know about her? The girl?
Jenna: Just her name. Isobel.
Damon: 
Stefan: Cause you were looking for it.
Damon: And why would I want it?
Stefan: Gee, I don't know, Damon. Maybe you wanna do a little bit of posthumous bonding. Go ahead. Enjoy it. Read it. I have. Nowhere in it does it say anything about Katherine, or the tomb, or how to open it.
Damon: I'm not surprised. Man could barely spell his own name.
Stefan: I'm really sorry that it won't be of any help with your diabolical plan, the sequel. 
Damon: You? Help me? Aw, I don't know. Seems a little unnatural.
Stefan: I'll do anything to get you out of this town, even release Katherine.
Damon: What about the other 26 vampires?
Stefan: No, no, no. They can't come. They have to stay put, but Katherine, I would consider that.
Damon: What are you doin'? Hmm? What's your angle?
Stefan: Think about it.
Damon: Why would I trust you?
Stefan: See that's your problem, Damon. You apply all of your shortcomings to everybody else. If history's any indication, there's only one liar among us.
Elena: Hey, Jenna. Jenna? Jeremy?
Damon: Stefan's phone. How may I help you?
Elena: Where is he?
Damon: He's on his way to you. Forgot his phone.
Elena: 
Damon: You're welcome.
Stefan: Elena!
Stefan: Are you ok? Are you ok?
Damon: How did he get in?
Elena: He was invited in.
Stefan: He posed as a pizza delivery guy last night.
Damon: Well, he gets points for that. Did he say what he wanted?
Elena: No. He was too busy trying to kill me.
Stefan: And you have no idea who this is?
Damon: No. 
Elena: You think there's more than one?
Damon: We don't know.
Stefan: Damon, he was invited in.
Damon: Then we go get him tonight. 
Elena: What do I have to do?
Damon: Let your boyfriend take you to the dance. We'll see who shows up.
Stefan: That's a bad idea.
Damon: Till we get him, this house isn't safe. For anyone who lives in it. It's worth a shot.
Elena: I'll do it.
Elena: I'll be with the two of you. I'll be safe.
Jenna: Alaric.
Alaric: Hey, look at you.
Jenna: I figured I'd stand out less if I dressed up.
Alaric: Heh heh. Liar.
Jenna: Ok, I'm a sucker for the decade dance. I went to school here, you know. They do the sixties and seventies, too, FYI.
Alaric: Oh. Can't wait. Can I get you a drink? I hear the punch is real boss.
Elena: Having fun?
Caroline: No, but this took about two hours, so I'm at least staying half of that.
Bonnie: What's Damon doing here?
Elena: He wanted to come. I promise. He'll behave.
Caroline: So what is this, like, a threesome now, you and the Salvatore brothers?
Elena: No, but if I'm gonna be with Stefan, then I have to learn to tolerate Damon. It's not like I can kill him.
Bonnie: 
Caroline: Mmm. I'll help.
Jenna: I'm really starting to see a change in Jeremy. Finally.
Alaric: Uh, losing someone you love so suddenly, the, uh—the trauma and the grief there are some of the tougher things he'll face in life.
Jenna: From someone who knows. You have no idea what happened?
Alaric: That's the hard part, not knowing.
Jenna: Is it ok to talk about your wife?
Alaric: Heh. There's not much to talk about.
Jenna: That must be impossible to deal with, not having any answers.
Alaric: I'd be lying to you if I told you it didn't keep me up at night. Wondering why, by who.
Jenna: Maybe one day.
Alaric: Hope so.
Alaric: I hope so.
Damon: Hi, Bonnie. Wanna dance?
Bonnie: I'm out of here.
Damon: Please give me another chance.
Caroline: Back off, Damon.
Elena: Where did they go?
Damon: I don't know.
Stefan: What did you say to them?
Damon: I was perfectly polite. Elena...Would you like to dance?
Elena: I would love to.
Elena: May I have this dance?
Elena: Shouldn't you guys be able to sense each other or something?
Stefan: No. Doesn't work that way. See him anywhere?
Elena: Not unless he has a pompadour.
Stefan: Heh. Wow. Not one of the better fashion trends.
Elena: Come on. I'm sure you looked great back then. Are there pictures?
Stefan: No. Burned. Buried.
Elena: Seriously, what was it like, the fifties? Cause in my mind, I have this picture of somewhere between "American Bandstand," "Grease." It's all varsity sweaters and milkshakes.
Stefan: Well, that and, you know, McCarthyism and segregation and nuclear arms race.
Elena: Ok, but there were poodle skirts?
Stefan: There were poodle skirts.
Elena: 
Stefan: No. That's not gonna happen.
Elena: Ooh!
Anna: You neglected to mention this was a theme party.
Jeremy: What are you doing here?
Anna: Well, seeing as you also neglected to invite me, I took matters into my own hands.
Jeremy: You're doin' that thing again.
Anna: What thing would that be?
Jeremy: That thing where you pretend we're dating, even though we're not.
Anna: 
Bonnie: Let's sit up there.
Caroline: Be a little more obvious, Bonnie.
Bonnie: Don't rain on my hot-guy parade.
Caroline: What? It's just a drizzle. Ben McKittrick? Really?
Bonnie: He's hot.
Caroline: He's a washed-up jock who pours drinks for a living. You could do way better.
Caroline: Hey.
Matt: 
Alaric: Yeah, I don't recognize you. How'd you get roped into chaperoning? Alaric Saltzman. I'm the new history teacher.
Damon: Ah, the, uh, cursed faculty position.
Alaric: So I've been told.
Damon: Damon. Salvatore.
Alaric: Salvatore, as in, uh, Stefan?
Damon: He's my little brother. I'm his legal guardian, hence the chaperoning.
Alaric: I hear he's very bright, not that I've had a chance to see for myself.
Damon: Well, his attendance record's a little spotty. Family drama.
Alaric: No parents?
Damon: Mm, it's just the two of us now.
Alaric: You, uh—you live here your whole life?
Damon: On and off. Travel a bit.
Alaric: Really? Where? Around the states? 
Damon: You, too.
Alaric: Enjoy the rest of the dance.
Caroline: Tonight was so much better on paper.
Bonnie: Ah, you're just feeling sorry for yourself. Go and talk to him. Be bold and fearless.
Caroline: Yeah, this coming from the girl who's been eye stalking the bartender.
Bonnie: You're right.
Bonnie: Hi.
Ben: Twice in one day. Lucky me.
Bonnie: I'm proving something to my friend.
Ben: Oh, yeah? What's that?
Bonnie: That you don't have to sit around and wait for a guy to come up to you.
Ben: Does that mean that you're asking me out on a date?
Bonnie: Does that mean you want me to?
Ben: Well, what did you have in mind?
Bonnie: 
Ben: No. 
Caroline: Seriously?
Matt: Is that for me?
Caroline: Do you see anyone else in the vicinity?
Matt: Do you need something?
Caroline: Are you mad at me or something?
Matt: No, Care. I'm not mad. I...
Caroline: Well, then why are you being so weird?
Matt: I'm not. I'm working.
Caroline: You're avoiding.
Matt: No. I have a table to clean. You know, that's the kind of thing that washed-up jocks do to make a living.
Jeremy: You don't go to school here. You know, you don't have to help.
Anna: Oh, I don't mind. It's fun. Oh, um, yeah. Before I forget, can I borrow your ancestor's journal?
Jeremy: Why?
Anna: You said I could read it.
Jeremy: Uh, I don't have it.
Anna: Oh. Well, obviously you didn't bring it here, uh, but I can walk you home.
Jeremy: No. I mean, I gave it to my history teacher.
Anna: Wait. Why did you give it to him?
Jeremy: Because he wanted to read it.
Anna: You know, you shouldn't be giving that to just anybody.
Jeremy: But I should give it to you?
Anna: Loan. Loan it to me.
Jeremy: Well, I loaned it to Mr. Saltzman.
Anna: Maybe he's in his classroom. We can get it back.
Jeremy: What's the big deal with this stupid journal?
Jeremy: 
Anna: Um, there's something in it. Forget it. I...I gotta go.
Elena: Maybe he's not gonna show.
Stefan: You mean we did all this dancing for nothing?
Elena: Ahh. The horror.
Stefan: I'm really sorry for all this.
Elena: It's my choice. I decided to be here. I officially signed up for it, so I don't wanna hear you apologizing anymore.
Elena: Show me how it's done in the fifties.
Stefan: Uh, no.
Elena: Come on. One move?
Stefan: Now you remember that, because it's never gonna happen again.
Noah: What are you doing here?
Anna: Trying to get the journal, as in sticking to the plan, something you're not doing. 
Noah: I like her. She looks like Katherine.
Anna: She's not Katherine. Ok, Katherine is in the tomb.
Noah: I know, but until we open that tomb, I got her to play with.
Anna: Don't be stupid. That girl is with the Salvatore brothers.
Noah: They don't scare me. They never have.
Anna: Please, Noah. Don't do this. You're gonna ruin everything.
Noah: You got nothing to worry about. I'm not gonna let anything happen to you. You will get what you came for. Just let me have my fun. 
Elena: You really can't take him anywhere, can you?
Stefan: Uh, no.
Elena: Stefan, the back corner.
Stefan: Get Damon.
Boy: 
Stefan: Where is he?
Boy: I was getting a soda, and then this guy gave me his hoodie.
Noah: Hello, Elena. 
Elena: No.
Noah: Or your brother dies.
Noah: I can snap his neck so fast I bet there's not even a witness. Now, start walking.
Elena: 
Noah: Keep walking. Through the door.
Damon: Hey, dickhead. 
Stefan: Now you feel like talkin'?
Noah: Screw you.
Stefan: Wrong answer. Why are you doing this?
Noah: Because it's fun.
Stefan: What do you want with Elena?
Noah: She looks like Katherine.
Damon: You knew Katherine?
Noah: Oh. You thought you were the only ones. 
Damon: Tell me how to get in the tomb. Hmm?
Noah: No.
Noah: The grimoire.
Damon: Where is it?
Noah: Check the journal. The journal. Johnathan's journal. Johnathan Gilbert's.
Stefan: Who else is working with you?
Damon: Who else is there?
Noah: No. You're gonna have to kill me.
Elena: What do we...how are you gonna find the others now?
Damon: He had to die.
Elena: But...
Stefan: Elena, he's been invited in.
Stefan: Go. I got this.
Alaric: 
Damon: What were you doing?
Alaric: Looking for Ms. Hilden.
Damon: Why are you in Mystic Falls?
Alaric: I got a job as a teacher.
Damon: Do you know what I am?
Alaric: You're my student's brother.
Damon: Is everything you're telling me the truth?
Alaric: Yes.
Damon: Then forget we had this conversation.
Damon: There's no way that idiot was workin' alone.
Stefan: You are. 
Damon: Look at you puttin' the pieces together. Good for you. I was half-right. Well, it's out there now. Let the games begin.
Stefan: My offer still stands.
Damon: Yeah, with some hidden caveats, no doubt.
Stefan: No. Nothing hidden about it. No lies. No deception. I'm there when you open up that tomb, you and Katherine go, and the other 26 vampires die.
Damon: If I agree?
Stefan: I'll help you.
Damon: Why should I trust you?
Stefan: Because I'm your brother.
Damon: No, that's not gonna cut it.
Stefan: Because I want you gone.
Damon: Ok.
Caroline: Look I said something stupid. I'm sorry, but I wasn't even talking about you.
Matt: Yes, you were, Caroline. Ben could easily be me. We're just alike.
Caroline: That's not true. Are you seriously mad about this? Matt, you know me. Ok, I say stupid things without thinking, and then I have to apologize and take it back, and...I'm a terrible, awful person, but I'm working on it.
Matt: Look, can we just not do this right now?
Caroline: Ok. When do you get off?
Matt: Look, this thing that we've got, it's nice, and it feels really good, and I know you want to take the next step.
Caroline: How do you know that? Have you even asked me?
Matt: I'm...I'm not over Elena. I mean, I don't know if I am, but if we go there, then it could mess things up, and we might lose this, and this is the only good thing I've got going for me right now. So if it doesn't work, I'll just disappoint you and hurt you, and I don't wanna do that.
Caroline: Well, big problem, Matt, because you took the next step all by yourself, and you played the whole thing out in your head, and you decided to bail before even giving it a shot. So this really great thing that we have, don't worry about losing it, 'cause it's already gone.
Jenna: Thank you. I needed that.
Alaric: Well, thank you for—for coming. I...I really appreciate it. You made the evening much more...Well, you made it, period.
Jenna: I'm glad I could help.
Alaric: And thank you for putting up with all that wife talk. I...I gotta stop doin' that. It doesn't bode well for dating.
Jenna: Is that what this was, a date?
Alaric: No, definitely not a date.
Jenna: Oh.
Alaric: But Friday...You, me, and dinner and a movie, that could be a date. How about it?
Jenna: 
Alaric: Still, I think I'll keep the Isobel talk to a minimum.
Jenna: Isobel?
Alaric: Yeah. That was her name.
Jenna: Where was Isobel from?
Alaric: Virginia. I mean, not too- -not too far from here, actually.
Matt: Caroline!
Matt: Care, get in the truck.
Caroline: 
Matt: This'll never work.
Stefan: Doing ok?
Elena: Is it weird if I say yes?
Stefan: Is it true?
Elena: I should feel more upset or scared or something, but I...feel kind of exhilarated.
Stefan: It's the adrenaline. You'll crash soon enough.
Elena: Yeah, I guess. 
Stefan: I wish you didn't have to fight at all.
Elena: Still...
Stefan: I need to tell you something, and I don't know how you're gonna feel about it.
Elena: What?
Stefan: I told Damon that I'd help him get into that tomb to get Katherine back. But it was a lie. I let him believe that he could trust me.
Elena: Well, then why would you be worried about telling me?
Stefan: Because he can be very persuasive, and you two have bonded lately.
Elena: 
Stefan: I don't wanna be his enemy, Elena, but I can't let him do it.
Elena: Then don't, and I'll help you, whatever it takes. Ok?
Stefan: Ok. Come here.
Ben: Don't sneak up on me.
Anna: You love it.
Ben: Where's Noah?
Anna: His obsession got the best of him, and so did the Salvatore brothers.
Ben: They killed him?
Anna: Tortured and staked.
Ben: You're not very upset.
Anna: I warned him, Ben, and he was just gonna screw everything up anyway. Let's be honest, he wasn't exactly an asset. How'd you do?
Ben: Oh, the witch is totally crushing on me. Did you get the journal?
Anna: No, but I know where it is, and I'll get it.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.