: Whether suicide, or a tragic accident, WPKW News has lost one of its shining stars. Field reporter and weekend anchor Andie Star was discovered...
Damon: Just can't stay away, can you?
Elena: You've been dodging my calls.
Damon: Yeah, well, busy dating a dead fake girlfriend and all.
Elena: Why didn't you tell me?
Damon: Happy Birthday, Elena. Stefan killed Andie. Cake?
Elena: He called me, Damon.
Damon: What?
Elena: Stefan called me last night.
Damon: Well, what'd he say?
Elena: He didn't say anything, but it was him. I asked Sheriff Forbes if she would trace the call's origin. It came from Tennessee.
Damon: Where he's binge drinking on the country folk. We went through this, Elena. Stefan's gone. I don't mean geographically.
Elena: If he was gone, he wouldn't have called.
Alaric: Go away, Damon!
Elena: Hi.
Alaric: You're, uh...not who I expected.
Elena: I need you to tell me what you know about Stefan and Tennessee.
Alaric: Did you miss the part where I checked out of all this?
Elena: Come on, Ric. Whatever Damon knows, you know.
Alaric: Ask Damon.
Elena: Yeah, but Damon's not exactly in the mood to help right now.
Alaric: For good reason. Because it's not safe for you. Stefan's off the rails.
Elena: Yeah, but he's still holding on to his humanity, which means he can still be saved.
Alaric: And why do you have to be the one to save him?
Elena: Because I'm not the kind of person who checks out. Look, he would never give up on me. I'm not gonna give up on him. Tell me what you know, Ric. Please.
Alaric: They've been tracking werewolves, he and Klaus. All over the eastern seaboard. We thought we had 'em outside of Memphis...
Klaus: You okay? Is Ray getting heavy?
Stefan: I'm fine.
Klaus: You sure about that? You know, we've been walking for quite some time now. If you need some water or a little sit-down...
Stefan: You know, I get that we're, uh...we're stuck together, but if we could maybe just skip the chitchat, it'd be great.
Klaus: So much brooding. Your self-loathing is suffocating you, my friend.
Stefan: Maybe it's 'cause I'm a little tired of hunting werewolves. We've been at it all summer.
Klaus: Thanks to our pal Ray, we found ourselves a pack. There.
Woman: Ray! Oh, my God. What's going on? Who are you?
Klaus: The important question is who am I. Please forgive the intrusion. My name is Klaus.
Woman: You're the hybrid.
Klaus: You've heard of me. Fantastic.
Tyler: Hey, mom.
Carol: Morning, sweetheart. Coffee's hot.
Tyler: Rough night?
Carol: Uh, rough week. I'm a little stressed. You?
Tyler: Feeling pretty good.
Carol: You know, if you're going to bring a girl home, I wish she'd have the tact to not sneak out like a prostitute.
Tyler: I'm sorry. She snuck out?
Carol: Hmm.
Tyler: Whoa. I think the cream's bad.
Tyler: Don't wait up tonight.
Tyler: Oh, and Caroline, she's not a prostitute.
Carol: Bill, it's, um, Carol Lockwood. I've gotten myself into a bit of a vampire situation.
Matt: Please tell me you're not turning into one of these losers that hangs out at work on his day off.
Jeremy: You remember what we talked about last night, how I've been seeing things?
Matt: Honestly, Jer, last night is kind of a blur.
Jeremy: Well, I saw her again. I saw Vicki.
Matt: Why are you...why are you telling me this? You're dating a witch. Why don't you tell her?
Jeremy: Tell Bonnie that she brought me back to life and now I'm seeing my dead girlfriend? We don't need a witch, okay? There's examples all over the Internet. We need...
Jeremy: Personal items, and it works best when a family member tries to make contact.
Matt: No, no, no, no, no, no. We're...We're not contacting my sister.
Jeremy: She said, "help me."
Matt: If you're messing with me, man...
Jeremy: I saw her, Matt. She asked for help. You were the one she loved the most. If anyone's gonna be able to help me connect to her, it's you.
Tyler: A lot of us like to keep to ourselves for the full moon, chain ourselves up. But there are some werewolves that like to gather in places were they don't have to do that, where they can enjoy it.
Elena: What kind of places?
Tyler: Mountains, state parks, deserts, that kind of stuff.
Elena: Anywhere in Tennessee?
Tyler: Yeah. Here. Give me your phone. I'll try to pull up a map.
Elena: Thanks for this. I know it's asking a lot.
Tyler: As Caroline likes to remind me, Stefan's in this mess because I bit Damon. I figure I owe you one. Have you talked to her today?
Elena: No. Why?
Tyler: Just curious. Here.
Tyler: That's your best bet.
Alaric: Did you get anything?
Elena: How do you feel about a little hike through the Smoky Mountains?
Alaric: You wanna hunt down a pack of werewolves on a full moon?
Elena: We'll be out of there before the moon is full. If you don't come with me, I'm going by myself. What? You're the one who told me that I could handle things on my own now.
Alaric: Yea, I meant like frozen dinners and SATs. A-all right fine. Let's just...Let's just go. But, uh, you're driving.
Klaus: It's fascinating, actually...A werewolf who isn't beholden to the moon, a vampire who doesn't burn in the sun. A true hybrid.
Klaus: Excellent timing, Ray. Very dramatic.
Ray: What's happening to me?
Klaus: Stefan?
Stefan: Are any of you human? Your friend here needs human blood to complete his transition to vampire. If he doesn't get it, he will die.
Klaus: Doesn't take much, just a sip. Anyone? A boyfriend, a girlfriend, along for the ride?
Klaus: You!
Stefan: If you don't drink it, Ray, I will. Problem is I don't know how to stop.
Klaus: It's the new order, sweetheart. You join us, or you die.
Woman: I'd rather die than be a vampire.
Klaus: Wrong choice.
Klaus: She'll thank me for that later. Heh.
Klaus: Okay, who's next?
Matt: You moving in or something? You've been here forever.
Tyler: I thought I was meeting Caroline. You haven't seen her, have you?
Matt: Not keeping up on her comings and goings anymore.
Tyler: Look, man, I never meant for me and her being friends to be a problem for you.
Matt: It is what it is. Tonight's a full moon. She usually helps you?
Tyler: Yeah. Whatever.
Matt: Do you, uh...Is this like the kind of thing that you need another person for?
Tyler: I can handle it. But thanks.
Tyler: Ahh. What is up with my taste buds today?
Matt: Heh. It's the vervain. The sheriff has me slip it into the coffee here every now and then.
Tyler: That's what vervain tastes like?
Matt: Yeah. I'm surprised you can taste it, the coffee usually hides the flavour. For humans, anyway.
Carol: Thank you so much for coming. Does anyone else know you're here?
Bill: No. I didn't drive through town. I came straight here.
Carol: Can I offer you a drink?
Bill: I think you should tell me what you expect me to do.
Carol: I was hoping you could tell me. It's Caroline, Bill. I remember the day she was born.
Bill: What does the rest of the council know?
Carol: I haven't said a word. I've been putting this together on my own for months now. Any ideas how to handle this? I can't get my hands dirty here for a lot of reasons.
Bill: She's a vampire, Carol. We do what we have to do.
Alaric: In a couple hours, the full moon's gonna rise just above that ridge. If Tyler's right, that's where the pack'll be.
Elena: You were a boy scout, weren't you? A boy scout, slash vampire slayer?
Alaric: Slash whiskey-drinking all-around lost cause.
Elena: Wow. You came stocked.
Alaric: Well, we aren't exactly bird-watching. Here. Put that in your bag.
Elena: Vervain grenade?
Alaric: Wolfsbane.
Elena: Well, since we're exchanging gifts...
Alaric: That's John Gilbert's ring.
Elena: It was yours once. Go ahead. Take it. I'll protect you from whatever supernatural danger we're about to get ourselves into.
Alaric: He gave it to you.
Elena: Yeah, but I'm a doppelgänger. It's not gonna work on me. He left it for if I ever have kids.
Alaric: Yeah, well, then why don't you save it for future generations of stubborn, relentless baby Gilberts?
Elena: Okay, and how 'bout you borrow it until after we survive this? I'd feel bad if I got you killed before happy hour.
Elena: I don't know why you think that you're a lost cause.
Elena: Damon! How are you even here?
Damon: Thanks for the tip, brother.
Elena: You sold me out!
Alaric: You think I'd take you to a mountain range of werewolves on a full moon without backup?
Klaus: There. Good as new. Now you relax, okay, mate? We're gonna need you when the rest of them wake up.
Ray: They're dead. They're all dead.
Klaus: Ah, he's through his transition. He should be feeling better soon.
Stefan: So is this your master plan? Build an army of hybrid slaves?
Klaus: No, not slaves. Soldiers, comrades.
Stefan: For what war, might I ask?
Klaus: Oh, you don't arm yourself after war has been declared, Stefan. You build your army so big that no one ever dares pick a fight.
Stefan: What makes you so sure that they'll be loyal?
Klaus: Well, it's not difficult to be loyal when you're on the winning team. That's something you'll learn once you shake that horribly depressive chip off your shoulder.
Stefan: That's why you're, uh...you're keeping me around? To witness my attitude adjustment?
Klaus: You'll know why I'm keeping you around when I've decided that I want you to know.
Klaus: Something's wrong.
Stefan: That shouldn't be happening, should it?
Klaus: Well, obviously.
Damon: Get out of the water, Elena.
Elena: If I get out of the water, you're gonna make me go home.
Damon: Yes, because I'm not an idiot like you.
Alaric: Right now, you're both acting like idiots.
Elena: You gave up on him Damon.
Damon: I didn't give up on him, Elena. I faced reality. Now get out of the water.
Elena: No!
Damon: What's your big plan, Elena? Huh? You gonna walk through a campsite full of werewolves, roast a marshmallow, and wait for Stefan to stop by?
Elena: My plan is to find him and help him. Damon, this is the closest that we've been to him since he left. I'm not going home.
Damon: Klaus thinks you died when he broke the curse. That makes you safe. This, this is not safe.
Elena: I'm not leaving before we find him.
Damon: It's a full moon tonight, Elena.
Elena: Then we'll find him before then. Damon, please.
Damon: Okay. Okay. But we are out of here before the moon is full and I'm werewolf bait.
Elena: I promise.
Damon: Unless you wanna relive that whole deathbed kissy thing.
Elena: I said I promise.
Damon: Fine.
Ray: You said it was gonna feel better. Why doesn't it feel better?
Stefan: Some master race.
Klaus: Lose the attitude.
Klaus: Derek, come feed your girlfriend.
Klaus: Go get him.
Damon: How you doing?
Elena: Fine.
Damon: You know, I could help you.
Elena: No, thanks.
Damon: Just one little fwoosh.
Elena: Yeah, with my luck, you'd drop me.
Alaric: What are you guys, twelve?
Klaus: Where did he go?
Stefan: He, uh...he got away. Forget him. Let's go.
Klaus: A fatal werewolf bite. Ouch.
Stefan: Yeah. I'm gonna need your blood to heal me.
Klaus: Well, I tell you what. You find Ray, and then I'll heal you.
Stefan: Can't be serious.
Klaus: You better hurry, 'cause that bite looks nasty.
Tyler: You put vervain in my coffee this morning. Why?
Carol: Vervain? What are you talking about?
Tyler: Let's skip the part where we pretend we don't know about the vampires in this town. You were testing me to see if I was a vampire. I want to know why.
Carol: You've been spending so much time with Caroline. I had to know for sure.
Tyler: What does Caroline have to do with it?
Carol: Let's skip the part where we pretend she's not one of them.
Tyler: Did you do something to her?
Carol: Tyler, I don't want you to be with her.
Tyler: Where is she, mom?
Carol: I can't let you be together.
Tyler: What did you do to her? Where is she?
Carol: You can't be with her. She's a monster.
Tyler: You don't know about me, do you?
Carol: Know what? Know what, Tyler?
Alaric: We got about a mile left.
Damon: The sun's about to set.
Elena: I can see that, Damon.
Damon: I'm just saying.
Elena: The moon doesn't reach its apex for a while. We have time.
Alaric: Stay where you are!
Ray: Vampire.
Elena: Damon!
Alaric: Let me guess. Hybrid.
Matt: So this is all her stuff. We were supposed to donate it, but, uh, you know.
Jeremy: Well, everything I read said that personal items help build a stronger connection.
Matt: Does her pipe count?
Matt: I don't know why I let you talk me into this, man.
Jeremy: It's because she's your sister and you have a chance to help her.
Matt: I can't do this. You gotta go.
Jeremy: Matt, please.
Matt: Nah, man. I can't do this, all right? You gotta go.
Damon: These ropes aren't gonna hold him much longer. What else do we have?
Elena: Ric, here. Take these.
Damon: Aah! Ow!
Elena: I said Ric.
Alaric: All right, that's the last of the vervain. We don't have enough stuff to hold him. I don't think we're gonna make that Ridge before the full moon.
Elena: If we can get him to talk, we don't have to.
Damon: Is he turning?
Elena: It's impossible. It's still daylight.
Alaric: Tell him that.
Elena: There aren't supposed to be werewolves out here until the moon is full.
Alaric: You know, those ropes aren't gonna hold the wolf.
Elena: Damon, we've got to get out of here. We gotta get out of these mountains now! Damon, now!
Klaus: Bad news, my friend. End of the road for you.
Klaus: Careful, love. There's only one Alpha here.
Klaus: Bloody hell.
Damon: Don't move.
Damon: Here, doggie, doggie.
Alaric: Come on. Let's keep moving.
Elena: We can't leave Damon.
Alaric: He can handle himself. Let's move.
Elena: No. If he gets bit, he'll be dead. I'm the reason he's out here.
Alaric: I am the reason he's out here. I told him where we were, and I'm telling you to keep moving. Let's go. Elena, now!
Carol: Tyler, what is it? Just...just tell me.
Tyler: You need to see for yourself.
Carol: What are you doing?
Tyler: You think Caroline's a monster? I'm the monster, mom.
Carol: What?
Carol: Tyler, what's happening?
Carol: Tyler, what are you doing?
Tyler: Me, Uncle Mason, it's in our blood. It's our family curse.
Carol: What curse?
Carol: Tyler, what's happening?! What's happening?
Carol: Oh, my God! Ohh! No! Ohh!
Damon: Fancy meeting you here.
Stefan: What part of "don't follow me anymore" got lost in translation, Damon?
Damon: Might want to take it up with your girlfriend. You don't want her chasing you, I'd stop with the late-night phone calls.
Stefan: I didn't call her.
Damon: Sure you did. She's not gonna give up on you.
Stefan: She has to. Because I'm never coming back. Why don't you get her home? See if you could keep her there this time.
Elena: Stefan's out there somewhere and now Damon, and we're just sitting in this car?
Alaric: Let the vampires fight the hybrid zombie mountain man. I'll take care of keeping the humans safe.
Elena: I thought you were checked out of taking care of people.
Alaric: I know what you're doing. Don't. There doesn't need to be a lesson here.
Elena: You're better at it than you think, you know?
Alaric: Oh, boy, are you a sucker for a lost cause or what?
Elena: You're not a lost cause, Ric. You're just lost. But so is Jeremy, and so am I. Our family is gone. We don't have anybody. I'm sorry, but you don't have anybody either, so...We're kind of good for each other.
Alaric: I'm keeping the ring, then.
Elena: Damon?
Elena: Are you okay? Did you...?
Damon: Fine, bite-free. Get back in the car, please.
Elena: Can you just give me a minute to appreciate that you're not dead?
Damon: I'll give you 10 seconds. 9, 8...
Elena: Damon, stop being such a caveman.
Matt: I'm sorry about earlier.
Jeremy: Hey, don't worry about it, man. You know, it's, uh...It's a lot to ask.
Jeremy: Heh. Come on in.
Matt: I spent the day going through her stuff. It was weird, you know, all the memories. I realize that most people didn't really get Vic. You know, they saw her as trouble and let it go at that. But you really got her. You know, you...you got her better than I did most of the time so...I don't know what we're gonna do with all this, but...here.
Jeremy: You know, I don't remember her dying. I don't know if Caroline told you that when she told you everything.
Matt: Nah, she didn't.
Jeremy: Elena made them take that memory away from me, thought I couldn't handle it. So whatever my last moment was with her, I don't have it.
Matt: I don't either. I don't remember the last moment I had with Vicki before she was a vampire...when she was still my sister.
Vicki: Matty?
Matt: Do you see something? Is she here?
Jeremy: You said you needed help. Tell me how I can help you please.
Vicki: I can come back. Help me come back.
Matt: What is she saying? Tell me.
Anna: Jeremy. Don't trust Vicki.
Klaus: They went rabid. Some of them, I killed. The others just...Bled out. In the end...They're all dead.
Klaus: 
Klaus: You look like hell.
Stefan: Last I checked, I'm dying...and you don't want to heal me.
Stefan: I had to take him out. I didn't have a choice. I failed you. I'm sorry. Do what you have to do.
Klaus: It should have worked.
Klaus: Bottoms up. We're leaving. 
Elena: Seriously?
Damon: I was wrong.
Elena: Are you drunk?
Damon: No. I thought Stefan was gone, but I was wrong.
Elena: You saw him out there? Damon, is he okay?
Damon: No, he's not okay, Elena. He's an insufferable martyr that needs his ass kicked...But he can be saved.
Elena: What happened out there? What changed your mind?
Damon: I changed my mind because even in his darkest place, my brother still can't let me die. So I figure I owe him the same in return. I'll help you bring him back.
Elena: Thank you.
Damon: But before I do, I need you to answer one question. What made you change your mind?
Elena: What do you mean?
Damon: You were so hellbent on staying on that mountain, then you just gave up. So what changed your mind?
Elena: We were under attack, Damon.
Damon: You had a bag full of weapons and a teacher with an eternity ring. You could have kept going.
Elena: It was too dangerous.
Damon: It was too dangerous going out there to begin with, so what was it?
Elena: Why are you being like this?
Damon: What changed your mind, Elena?
Elena: I didn't want to see you get hurt, okay? I was...I was worried about you.
Damon: Thanks.
Elena: Yes, I worry about you. Why do you even have to hear me say it?
Damon: Because when I drag my brother from the edge and deliver him back to you, I want you to remember the things you felt while he was gone. Good night, Elena.
Damon: How's it going, Ric?
Alaric: Know what you're doing there?
Elena: No, I don't.
Carol: I'll take care of it. I'll make sure nothing happens to her.
Tyler: Thank you.
Carol: I think we made a mistake.
Bill: Carol, you called me in to take care of this problem. Why the sudden change of heart?
Carol: Maybe a guilty conscience.
Bill: Don't feel guilty. They're not human. They're monsters.
Carol: What if we're wrong?
Bill: My family's been committed to this fight for almost 150 years, Carol. You married into it, so maybe you don't understand, but I do. I know what my obligations are.
Carol: Wait!
Caroline: Hello! Mrs. Lockwood?! Somebody!
Caroline: Who's that? Mrs. Lockwood?! Please.
Bill: Hello, Caroline.
Caroline: Daddy?
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.