Alaric: Hey, you're gonna put a hole in that thing! You want to talk about it?
Elena: Nothing to talk about.
Damon: Good morning.
Stefan: You're late. We were supposed to meet Bonnie at the witch house in ten minutes.
Damon: Relax, brother. You don't want your hair to fall out.
Stefan: Would you hurry up? We have work to do. You know, Klaus isn't gonna spontaneously self-destruct. Why are you all chipper?
Damon: No reason. Be with you in a minute.
Alaric: So, what's got you all worked up?
Elena: I didn't really sleep last night.
Alaric: Yeah, me neither. Probably something to do with dying...
Elena: Are you okay?
Alaric: Yeah I'm fine, I'm fine. I think the ring, however, is running low on batteries.
Elena: Yeah, that's another reason why Jeremy has to get out of town. If those rings have a shelf life, he is not protected, neither are you.
Alaric: Nice, nice, you're getting stronger.
Elena: I'm just channeling frustration. I need coffee.
Alaric: Seems Damon's compulsion worked, Jeremy was packing when I left the house, going on about his new school in Denver.
Elena: Have you talked to Damon today?
Alaric: No. Why?
Elena: No reason.
Bonnie: 
Bonnie: Hello? Someone there?
Stefan: You didn't say anything to Elena about the coffins, right?
Damon: No, I said I wouldn't.
Stefan: I know what you said.
Damon: Why are you asking?
Stefan: Because protecting the location of Klaus's family is my number one priority right now. And the fewer people who know, the better.
Stefan: What?
Damon: These hybrids, really bringing the neighborhood down.
Bonnie: Hey, sorry I'm late, I...I got held up.
Elena: It's okay. I just got here too. Can you pass me the balloons? Thanks. What got you running late?
Bonnie: I was...working on some new spells. You?
Elena: Working out with Alaric. So, I have something I need to tell you, and you're not gonna like it.
Bonnie: What happened?
Elena: Jeremy is gonna be leaving town for a while. He'll be staying with some old family friends in Denver, until this whole Klaus thing blows over.
Bonnie: Jeremy wouldn't just leave you to deal with Klaus on your own.
Elena: I know...I asked Damon to compel him.
Bonnie: You what?
Elena: I know, Bonnie. But it's not safe for him here anymore. Leaving will give him a better life. The only reason I'm telling you is because I know that you two haven't really worked out your stuff. And I thought that maybe you'd wanna say goodbye.
Stefan: You're wasting your time. It won't open. Did you bury the body?
Damon: Yeah. Any sign of our little hybrid buddies?
Stefan: Nope, just the dead one.
Damon: Alright, Klaus has 6 siblings. Rebekah is now with Klaus. There was one dead kid in the old world, one dead kid in the new world, which leaves Elijah and two others. Three sleeping originals, four coffins. So, who is in the locked box?
Stefan: No idea. But whatever is in here, Bonnie seems to think will help us kill Klaus. So, the sooner she can get this open, the sooner we will know if she's right.
Damon: Oh, you think the spirits of a bunch of dead witches that can make the coffins invisible would have figured out how to open one. 
Stefan: You know, none of this is gonna do us any good if Klaus's hybrid friends find our hiding place, right? They need to go away.
Damon: Oh yeah, that's a great idea Stefan. Why don't you just ask them to pack their bags and take a long rest while we are at it. How about try to keep the peace? Don't attract attention to the real thing we are trying to hide.
Stefan: Well, I'm not gonna play defense when I have what Klaus wants. He does what I say, or I dump his family to the bottom of the ocean.
Damon: And then he kills you and everyone you know like, I don't know...me!
Stefan: No, he's bluffing. His family means more to him than anything else.
Damon: You sure about that?
Stefan: Well I don't know Damon. I mean, I guess there's only one way to find out, right? Call his bluff.
Damon: The only way to call someones bluff, Stefan, is to be willing to lose everything if you're wrong.
Bonnie: Denver, huh?
Bonnie: So, were you going to say goodbye?
Jeremy: I wasn't sure you cared.
Bonnie: Of course I care. I was hurt by what happened between you and Anna, Jeremy. I didn't want you to leave town.
Jeremy: I think this could be a good thing. Until all this Klaus stuff blows over. I think I could have a better life there.
Bonnie: That's what Elena said. That's exactly what she said.
Jeremy: What do you mean?
Bonnie: Nothing. 
Caroline: I can't talk to you.
Tyler: I know you're upset but...
Caroline: Upset? You almost got Jeremy killed! And before you ask me to understand, or to support you, can you at least tell me what you're planning to do about your sire-bond to Klaus?
Tyler: There is nothing that I can do about it, Caroline! That's the point. I just wanted you to know that I understand why you can't be with me. Even though I want to put you first, before anyone, I can't. I'll never be able to. And I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just want you to know that.
Caroline: I'm sorry too.
Tyler: Happy birthday.
Klaus: Sweet dreams Rebekah. 
Mindy: Sure.
Klaus: I'm surprised you're still in town. I gave you your freedom, you could have gone anywhere.
Stefan: I live here, Klaus.
Klaus: Well, if we're playing this game, then...I was here first.
Stefan: You know, I don't like your hybrid friends. They're everywhere, kind of like fleas. I want them gone.
Klaus: Yeah, well I kind of like having them around. You know, I'm hurt. I hoped that when I freed you, we'd pick up where we left off. But here you are, guzzling vervain like the rest of them, I'm sure. So much for friendship.
Stefan: Friends don't strip friends of their free will.
Klaus: Okay, granted, yeah, that was a little extreme, but I get a little moody. Just ask my siblings. Speaking of whom, isn't it time you handed them over?
Stefan: Klaus, get your hybrids out of Mystic Falls or I will remove them myself.
Klaus: Hmm. You see, if you continue to threaten me, I'm gonna be forced to retaliate. Kill people. And it will get messy again.
Stefan: Do whatever you want, I don't really care. Or you know what? Maybe I do. Maybe I care so much, that I'll drop Elijah in the Arctic.
Klaus: Well, maybe I'll be willing to lose one brother if it meant killing yours.
Stefan: Try me, let's find out.
Mindy: Is everything okay?
Klaus: Everything is fine, Mindy. Stefan was just leaving after failing to make his point.
Stefan: Well, one down. You may want to, ah, send the rest of them away before it gets messy, again.
Matt: Happy birthday!
Caroline: What are you guys doing here?
Elena: Well you blew off school and missed our work of birthday art, so...
Bonnie: Change into warmer clothes, we are going to the Falls. S'mores, camp fire..
Elena: Cake! Like when we were little.
Matt: Except for the tequila!
Caroline: Thanks, guys. Really, um, I'm just not feeling my birthday this year.
Bonnie: I'm sorry, what? You've already claimed your birthday as everyone's favorite day of the year.
Caroline: Yeah, and now, it's just a reminder that technically, I'm dead. Look, I didn't even like 17. And the only point to being 17 is to get to 18. It's a filler year; I'm stuck in a filler year.
Elena: You're not stuck, Caroline.
Caroline: Yeah I am, but it's okay. You know, it's all good, I'll be fine. But I just need some time to wallow in it.
Elena: Okay, well I think I have another idea.
Daniel: What do you want me to do with her head?
Klaus: Just get rid of it. Burn it. I honestly don't care, Daniel.
Tyler: You called? I'm here. What happened?
Klaus: What happened is Stefan had two paths in front of him and he chose the one that made me angry. I need you to help me do something about that.
Tyler: Can't you just leave me out of it?
Klaus: What would be the point in that?
Tyler: Seriously man, can't you just get one of your other hybrids to do your bidding? I lost my friends, my girlfriend.
Klaus: Right, your, uh, your girlfriend. Um, about her...I need you to bite her.
Tyler: What?
Klaus: Don't make me repeat myself.
Tyler: A hybrid bite will kill a vampire.
Klaus: Yeah. Yeah, I know exactly what it will do. Uh, Stefan pushed me too far, so I'm pushing back.
Tyler: I'm not biting Caroline.
Klaus: Tyler, I've been supernaturally blessed with the good fortune of a sire bond to you. So, one could consider this me putting your undying loyalty to the test.
Tyler: What the hell is wrong with you? I'm not hurting Caroline.
Klaus: All right. All right. I'm disappointed, but you know, it's your choice, free will and all that. I'll find another way to strike at Stefan. You can go now.
Alaric: I thought Stefan saved your life.
Damon: He did.
Alaric: And now he is willing to risk it just to see how far he can push Klaus?
Damon: It seems so.
Alaric: So is his humanity on or off?
Damon: I think there is another option at play, a dimmer switch, which is a huge problem.
Alaric: Why?
Damon: Because I can't predict how far he is willing to go until someone gets killed.
Alaric: So, suddenly you care who lives or dies?
Damon: 
Alaric: Talk about a humanity dimmer switch.
Damon: Screw you!
Alaric: 
Elena: There it is!
Bonnie: This is creepy, even for us.
Elena: No, Caroline was right...technically, she's dead. Sorry. But you don't need a birthday, you need a funeral. You need to say goodbye to your old life, so that you can move on with your new one.
Caroline: Okay. Here lies Caroline Forbes...
Elena: Cheerleader, Miss Mystic Falls, third grade hopscotch champion...
Bonnie: Friend, daughter, overachiever...
Matt: Mean girl, sometimes, no offense.
Caroline: Ah, none taken.
Elena: She was 17, and she had a really good life. So rest in peace, so that she can move forward.
Elena: That's what you really need. What we all really need. Amen, or cheers or whatever. Bonnie?
Elena: Nice! Okay, make a wish.
Damon: That's the bridge where Elena and Jeremy's parents died in the car accident.
Alaric: Something is up with her. Elena. Something more than usual. You know what it is?
Damon: Well I'm sure it starts with a "Stef" and ends with an "an". I'm gonna get a drink, write a check and then we're out?
Meredith: Alaric Saltzman, miracle patient!
Alaric: Dr. Fell.
Meredith: I'm glad to see you're still alive. A part of me thought you would have dropped dead in your sleep!
Alaric: Well, I guess I have nine lives.
Meredith: Not a bad thing to have in a town with a vampire problem.
Alaric: Sorry? Are you on the Founders' Council?
Meredith: I'm a Fell, I come from a long line of founders, may they rest in peace. (Looks at the model of the Wickery Bridge restoration project.) I hate that bridge. My senior prom date dumped me on this bridge.
Alaric: Oh, yeah? Did you throw him over?
Meredith: No, but I should have. I've been holding a grudge ever since. Where did your friend go? I'm supposed to hit him up for some money for the fundraiser.
Alaric: Well, you should, he is loaded.
Meredith: He's in good company. Some British guy just pledged to match every dollar we raise!
Alaric: What do you mean, a British guy?
Klaus: You know Carol when I think of a mayor I think of an old fuddy-duddy, but you really have changed my perception!
Carol: Oh, thank you!
Klaus: I mean you are just delightful! What color are your eyes?
Carol: They are blue.
Klaus: Oh yes, they are.
Damon: Look at what the cat dragged in. Nice vest.
Klaus: Thank you very much, good to see you, Damon. Carol and I were discussing about whether you would be the other big benefactor.
Carol: What do you say Damon? Klaus has made a very generous pledge. You know how we're chomping at the bit to begin the renovation.
Damon: Carol, don't take this the wrong way, but do you realize that you've been kissing the ass of an immortal hybrid who ruined your son's life?
Klaus: Oh, come now. Some would say that I saved it from all that nasty full moon business. I've never had to go through it myself more than twice, to be honest, but still, I'm very sympathetic.
Carol: Klaus has promised to protect Tyler, Damon. And our town.
Damon: From who? His hybrids are the one the town needs protection from.
Klaus: Well, I'd have no use for them if your brother would kindly return my family.
Damon: Not gonna happen.
Klaus: That's what I thought, which is why I've come to an agreement with the Mayor. You and the Council stay out of my hair, I stay out of yours. Your town gets protected, my hybrids get left alone and everybody will be happy. All you have to do is to get Stefan to stop decapitating my friends.
Carol: Please Damon, just get your brother under control, or the Council will be forced to take action against him.
Damon: You've gotta be kidding me!
Klaus: Oh come on mate. Give peace a chance.
Elena: Ah-ah. I need it more than you do, trust me. Caroline, what are you doing?
Caroline: What? Nothing.
Elena: Okay, you're a bad sober liar. You're an even worse drunk liar.
Caroline: I might have texted Tyler.
Elena: Caroline...
Caroline: What? I'm delicate.
Bonnie: Give her a break! You can't control what everyone does all the time.
Elena: Wow.
Matt: Ouch, Bon.
Bonnie: Sorry, I know it's Caroline birthday, funeral or whatever but, I just feel it's really wrong that you compelled Jeremy to leave town.
Elena: I'm doing it to protect him, Bonnie. I want to give him a chance to have a quiet normal life.
Bonnie: He should be able to choose how he wants to live it, you're taking his choices away.
Elena: Bonnie, you can't tell him.
Bonnie: Why? Are you gonna compel me not to?
Matt: You know, you guys are ruining a perfect funeral.
Bonnie: I'm sorry. I'm just gonna go sleep it off or something. Happy birthday.
Forbes: The mayor is looking out for Tyler. For now, we have to assume Klaus has her in his pocket.
Damon: Oh, please don't tell me you're gonna drink the Klaus Kool-Aid.
Forbes: I'm not gonna let him hold this town hostage. But, I'm also not gonna let innocent people get caught in the cross-fire in a pissing contest between a hybrid and a vampire.
Damon: Liz, I'm impressed, you're all strong and sheriff-y.
Forbes: I'm not kidding, Damon. Get Stefan to stand down from this one before someone gets hurt.
Man: What are you doing? You're gonna ruin your career.
Meredith: Says the guy who got his job from his dad.
Brian: Do you have any idea what you're messing with?
Meredith: I know what I'm doing.
Brian: Damn it, Meredith!
Meredith: Back off, Brian.
Alaric: Whoa! Hey. Everything all right here?
Brian: Everything is fine.
Alaric: It didn't look fine.
Brian: You might want to get to know her before you become her white knight. She's kind of a psycho case.
Alaric: 
Brian: Take it from me man, life's too short.
Meredith: Just go away, Brian. 
Alaric: Well, you definitely should have throw him over the bridge.
Meredith: Unfortunately, I have to work with him. He is on the Council, he's the medical examiner. The guy who signs his name under Cause of Death: "animal attack".
Alaric: I get it.
Meredith: Yep. 
Alaric: Anytime.
Stefan: What are you doing?
Damon: What are you doing? No dead hybrids at the Founders' party!
Stefan: No, I told Klaus to get his hybrids out of town, he didn't listen, so I'm gonna say it louder.
Damon: You don't think there's ten more where that came from? And if you kill them, Klaus won't make 20 more? Have you forgotten about Elena's part in all of this? Or do you not care if she is a human blood bag for the rest of her life?
Stefan: Protecting Elena is your problem now. See, I'm not compelled by Klaus to do that anymore.
Damon: Don't give me that no-humanity crap, you can't just flip your switch! Your switch is fried, Stefan, just like your brain! You wanna take Klaus? You wannao beat the villain? You've gotta be smarter.
Stefan: To beat the villain, Damon, you have to be the better villain.
Tyler: Sorry, I didn't mean to crash the party.
Matt: 
Caroline: No, it's-it's okay. 
Tyler: Can I talk to you for a sec? It's kind of important.
Elena: 
Matt: Yeah, I want her to be happy, you know? It's what I want for all of you guys, in the middle of this crazy life you got stuck living.
Elena: Is that how you see it? That we're stuck?
Matt: I'd say it's attached itself to you all pretty tight, yeah.
Elena: Bonnie is right, you know, I have no business messing in Jeremy's head. I just don't know what else to do. He is in danger here. I can't lose anyone else that I love.
Tyler: I take it all back. Everything I said this morning. Klaus can't control me. Not when it comes to you. I won't let him.
Caroline: Tyler, it's okay. Maybe we just weren't meant to be together. Maybe we just have to accept that and move on.
Tyler: I'm not moving on from anything. I love you.
Caroline: What?
Caroline: Ouch! What the hell? What just happened?
Tyler: 
Caroline: Did you just bite me?
Tyler: Oh my god. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Caroline: Oh my god! Just get away from me! Get away from me!
Matt: Caroline!
Elena: Great, we've been abandoned. Okay, we're going on a search party, I don't trust that she won't get back together with him.
Matt: Caroline!
Elena: Come on, Caroline we don't have anymore drinks! Matt's being haunted by the Fell ghosts.
Elena: What are you doing, Stefan?
Stefan: Hello Damon, she's a little busy right now.
Damon: Why the hell do you have Elena's phone?
Stefan: I'm making my next move. Let me ask you something...What will Klaus do if he can't make anymore hybrids?
Elena: 
Damon: Stefan, leave her out of this.
Elena: 
Klaus: What now? You just pulled me away from a fascinating conversation about landscaping the Town Square.
Damon: Stefan just grabbed Elena.
Klaus: Well, he's getting desperate.
Damon: He's gonna try and use her against you. Do what he says, get rid of your hybrids.
Klaus: Or what? Stefan would never dream of killing her.
Damon: You sure about that? He just tried to behead someone in the middle of a Council party. He's operating on crazy right now.
Klaus: Well, crazy or not, that kind of love never dies. He's bluffing.
Damon: Maybe he is, maybe he isn't but if you don't want to believe him, believe me. I know my brother better than anyone, and right now, I don't have a clue how far he is willing to take this. So if he says blink, I suggest you blink.
Matt: 
Forbes: What happened?
Matt: Tyler bit her.
Forbes: Oh my god, sweetheart. 
Forbes: 
Caroline: I'm sorry, Mom.
Matt: She's been hallucinating or something, I don't know. No one's picking up their phone.
Forbes: It's alright, sweetheart.
Elena: So, what's the plan, Stefan? What's the big move you're making?
Stefan: I took Klaus's family to make him suffer. I'm not gonna let him make himself a new one.
Elena: So, what are you gonna do, huh? Are you gonna lock me in some cave and keep me hostage?
Stefan: Maybe. Maybe, I'll just turn you into a vampire.
Elena: 
Klaus: Stefan, how nice to hear your voice.
Stefan: Tell your hybrids to get out of town, Klaus.
Klaus: Well that's not gonna happen until I get my coffins back.
Stefan: Okay, well then I'm gonna drive your blood source off Wickery Bridge.
Klaus: I don't believe you Stefan. You won't kill her.
Elena: 
Klaus: 
Stefan: I just fed her my blood. No more hybrids if she's a vampire.
Klaus: You won't do it.
Stefan: Really? Try me, because your coffins are next to go. Say goodbye to your family Klaus.
Elena: 
Klaus: Fine, I'll send them away. You win.
Elena: 
Klaus: 
Stefan: Get back in the car.
Elena: 
Stefan: Elena, get in the car.
Elena: 
Stefan: Look, he had to believe that I would do it, all right? Your fear sold it.
Elena: What if he hadn't?
Stefan: He did.
Elena: 
Stefan: 
Elena: After everything, that's what mattered? Destroying Klaus?
Stefan: Destroying Klaus is all I've left.
Elena: You had me!
Stefan: I lost you the minute I left town with him. You just haven't let yourself admit that yet.
Elena: Is that what you're doing? Trying to make me hate you?
Stefan: I don't really care what you think about me any more, Elena.
Klaus: Tyler came to see me. Poor boy, he seemed quiet distressed. He said Caroline had a terrible accident.
Matt: You made him do this to her. He would have never done something like this.
Klaus: I'm here to help, Matt. My blood will heal her. Please, ask the Sheriff to invite me inside.
Forbes: I know how this game works. You want something in return.
Klaus: Just your support.
Forbes: 
Caroline: 
Klaus: 
Caroline: Yes.
Klaus: That looks bad. My apologies, you're what's known as collateral damage. It's nothing personal. 
Caroline: Yeah. Aren't you like...a billion, or something?
Klaus: Well you have to adjust your perception of time when you become a vampire, Caroline. Celebrate the fact that you're no longer bound by trivial human conventions. You're free.
Caroline: No, I'm dying.
Klaus: And I could let you die, if that's what you want. If you really believe your existence has no meaning. I thought about it myself, once or twice over the centuries, truth will be told. But I'll let you in on a little secret. There is a whole world out there, waiting for you. Great cities and art and music, genuine beauty. And you can have all of it. You can have a thousand more birthdays. All you have to do is ask.
Caroline: I don't wanna die.
Klaus: There you go, sweetheart. Have at it.
Klaus: Happy birthday Caroline.
Elena: Thanks for picking me up.
Damon: Anytime. You gonna be okay?
Elena: I'll survive. Somehow, I always do.
Damon: You know, Stefan won this round for us today. He pushed Klaus to the edge and Klaus blinked.
Elena: Well, his method sucked.
Damon: Still, we needed it. Klaus has been calling all the shots, and Stefan beat him at his own game. He was the better villain.
Elena: Don't sound so impressed.
Damon: Well, I can't help but be a little proud. Really, tell me, are you gonna be okay?
Elena: You can't kiss me again.
Damon: I know.
Elena: I can't. It's not right.
Damon: It's right. Just not right now. Good night.
Elena: Good night, Damon.
Jeremy: You're gonna have to let me go, eventually.
Elena: Be safe, okay?
Jeremy: Yeah, okay, all right. Alaric's waiting.
Bonnie: Good, you haven't left yet.
Jeremy: What are you doing here?
Bonnie: I came to say goodbye.
Matt: You're not gonna jump, are you?
Elena: Thanks for coming. I was just thinking about what you said, about us being stuck.
Matt: I was buzzed, Elena. I can't be held responsible for being judgmental.
Elena: I do feel stuck, Matt. I feel like, I've been holding on to the girl that was supposed to die here with her parents. The girl who had a normal life, and didn't fall in love with vampires.
Matt: You're not that girl anymore. It's okay if you want to let her go.
Elena: Is it? 'Cause I feel like I disappointed her a little like, like I disappointed them. My parents.
Matt: My two cents, as a guy who knew that other girl: you're doing a lot better than you think.
Matt: Here lies Elena Gilbert. A fun girlfriend and an amazing friend.
Meredith: Thank God, another day drinker. I lost a patient, what's your excuse?
Alaric: I put a kid on a plane.
Meredith: Yours?
Alaric: 
Meredith: Then you should probably buy me a beer.
Forbes: A hiker called it in. My guys got here first.
Damon: Another hybrid?
Forbes: That's what I thought at first.
Forbes: Brian Walters, the medical examiner.
Damon: What's with the stake? He's not a vampire.
Forbes: I know. This was a murder.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.