Elena: Alaric?
Alaric: Yep. Still me.
Alaric: You know, you shouldn't be in here. It defeats the point of the whole being locked in a cellar thing.
Elena: Well, you still need the basics. Toothbrush, clothes, some boring books to help you sleep.
Alaric: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Elena: What? No, I grabbed....Damon. 
Alaric: At least one of us still has a sense of humor.
Elena: Are you sure that you...? I mean you don't have to be kept in here.
Alaric: Ah, no, this is...this is the right place for me to be. At least until you guys can convince my highly uncooperative alter ego to fess up to where I or he hid the white oak stake.
Elena: We looked everywhere. You....the other you, hid it well.
Alaric: What's Klaus gonna do if you can't find it?
Elena: It's the only thing that will kill him, so wage war, murder people, you know Klaus stuff.
Elena: Listen, Stefan is gonna watch over you for a little while. Now that Klaus knows where Jeremy is, it's not safe so, Damon and I are gonna go to Denver to pick him up.
Alaric: Why do you say that like you're waiting for me to disapprove?
Elena: I don't know. Me and Damon. Traveling across the country.
Alaric: I guess I'm more curious to hear what Stefan has to say about it.
Elena: Actually, it was his idea. He thinks that I have some unresolved feelings for Damon.
Alaric: Do you?
Elena: I guess that's why I'm going on this trip. So I can figure it out.
Damon: You hear from Klaus?
Stefan: Not yet. I'm sure I will soon though. 
Damon: Well, that's gonna be disappointing for him.
Stefan: I'll get it out of Alaric. I just need some time.
Damon: I like that confidence, Stefan. I don't share it, but I like it.
Stefan: You don't think I can do what it takes.
Damon: Well, you're good Stefan again. You're in control. Sorry, you might get the girl but you lose the edge. Speaking of...
Damon: Have you ever flown first class?
Elena: Who did you have to compel for that?
Damon: Pft, please. I use miles.
Elena: Stefan...
Stefan: Be safe.
Caroline: What is this?
Matt: It's the decade dance. Remember, you made us sign up to help?
Caroline: No. 
Rebekah: Too flashy, people. It's supposed to be speakeasy, not the World Fair.
Rebekah: Ah, good, you're here. I need help setting up the tables so, get to it.
Caroline: What do you think you're doing?
Rebekah: Somebody has to be in charge.
Caroline: Yeah, me. I'm the chair of the Dance Committee. The theme of the decade dance is the 1970s.
Rebekah: So, you'd rather dress in tacky colors with bad hair than be a classic flapper from the jazz age? Honestly, I don't know what my brother sees in you.
Caroline: Maybe he sees a challenge. See, unlike some other people, I don't sleep with everyone I make eye contact with.
Matt: Maybe we can do both decades?
Rebekah: 
Rebekah: Go on, Matt, don't be a coward. You know you loved my 20s idea when I presented it to the group.
Caroline: Traitor!
Matt: Bell bottoms and disco? I don't know, this just seemed cooler.
Rebekah: See? It's just cooler.
Caroline: Whatever. Have fun at your stupid dance.
Matt: Caroline! Wait!
Caroline: Impressive! You sold it!
Matt: And you bought yourself a day.
Caroline: Thank you. Just keep her occupied. Be careful!
Matt: You too. And uh, tell him I said hi. Okay?
Alaric: Do you know how hard it is to fall asleep when that is what you're supposed to do?
Stefan: Well, look, I know it's not easy so 
Alaric: What the hell.
Alaric: You know, I'll feel decidedly less pathetic if I don't drink alone.
Stefan: Oh, I am one step ahead of you.
Alaric: So, road trip, huh?
Stefan: Yeah, I needed to stay here.
Alaric: Why? I mean, why you? You know, it doesn't take much to babysit me while I sit here waiting for a psychotic break.
Stefan: Well, unfortunately, we only have a limited amount of time.
Alaric: Before what?
Stefan: Before we have to resort to other methods.
Alaric: So, you're worried that you're gonna have to torture me. You don't think Damon could have done that?
Stefan: Look, Elena needed to go on that road trip with Damon. No matter what I go through to get her back; fighting my bloodlust, trying to gain control of my life again...None of that matters if she has feelings for somebody else.
Elena: There he is.
Damon: Next time we compel him, remind me to make him better at baseball.
Elena: Hey Jer!
Jeremy: Elena? What's wrong?
Damon: Katherine sired us, Rose sired Katherine, all we need to do is find out who sired Rose.
Jeremy: So, you traveled across the country to get me to talk to a dead vampire?
Damon: Dead vampire is redundant, but yes.
Jeremy: Well, I can't. I could talk to Anna and Vicki because I knew them. I've never even met Rose.
Damon: What good is you dying and coming back to life if you can't talk to a ghost when I need you to?
Elena: Rose spent a long time running from Klaus as well. She and Damon were close, so maybe we can use him as a connection.
Jeremy: Fine, fine, but can we do this later? My friend just got here and yes, Damon, I actually have some. I'll call you when I'm done.
Elena: Jer...
Jeremy: Hey man.
Elena: Damon, it's Kol!
Jeremy: What are you doing?!
Elena: Jeremy, get back! He's an Original.
Jeremy: What?
Kol: No hard feelings, mate. But we're not buds.
Kol: You know, I'll never get use to aluminum. But hey, at least it won't break.
Jeremy: Did you kill him?
Damon: No, but it'll give us a head start. Okay, come on.
Damon: For the record, she's the one who wanted to stay in a motel, not me.
Jeremy: So, where are we?
Damon: Corner of somewhere and nowhere where Kol can't find us.
Jeremy: I can't believe Kol was a vampire.
Damon: Well, didn't you find it weird that you made a friend so fast? Have you met you?
Elena: Not helping.
Elena: Well, this should work, right Jer?
Jeremy: Yeah, doesn't really matter.
Damon: Alright Whoopi, what do you need? 
Jeremy: That's not how it works.
Damon: I know, I know. They push from the other side and you pull from this one.
Jeremy: Alright, you uh- you got a picture of her?
Damon: Picture? What, a trip to Disneyland? Come on Rose, you're not gonna actually make us wait, are you? I know you're obsessed with me.
Jeremy: All right, uh- tell me something about her.
Damon: Um, well she does this little thing with her tongue.
Elena: Something that matters, Damon.
Damon: She spent her last day in paradise. Soaking in the sun and reminiscing about what it means to be human. And when death came, she didn't fear it.
Elena: I was with her on her last day and she definitely wasn't in paradise.
Jeremy: It was in the dream he gave her. She's here.
Caroline: Hi.
Tyler: You have no idea how much I've missed you.
Matt: Here we are. Home, sweet, home.
Rebekah: Okay, spill. Why are you being nice to me?
Matt: I drove you home. You don't have a car.
Rebekah: Not just that, I mean, helping me with the dance and then standing up to Caroline. I don't buy it.
Matt: Buy what?
Rebekah: The whole gentlemanly thing. After everything my family has done to you. What are you up to?
Matt: It's sad that you can't just get a ride home from school without thinking there is some ulterior motive.
Rebekah: You're right. I'm probably gonna organize the whole dance and then have to compel myself a date.
Matt: Let's not get crazy. Good bye, Rebekah.
Rebekah: Good bye, Matt. Thanks for the ride.
Rebekah: Mother.
Rebekah: Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.
Esther: Because I'm dying.
Elena: Is she lonely on the other side?
Rose: No. I enjoy it. I was running so much when I was alive, now I have the freedom to do whatever I want.
Jeremy: She says not to worry, she's happy.
Damon: Is she still hot?
Rose: Tell him he's still dripping with sex too. 
Jeremy: She misses you.
Rose: And tell him I'm rooting for him and Elena.
Jeremy: She uh- she misses both of you.
Rose: Unfortunately, I don't have any news on the siring front. Klaus didn't sire me. No Original did. It was Mary Porter.
Jeremy: She was sired by someone named Mary Porter.
Damon: Uh, Scary Mary. Well, where is she, Rose?
Rose: I didn't keep track of her when I was alive, much less now. Tell them to sit tight, relax. I'll see what I can find out.
Alaric: I assume they've got Jeremy by now?
Stefan: They should. Haven't heard from them. Elena's worried about him, knowing that she can't count on his ring anymore.
Alaric: Who knows? Maybe his alter ego is a pot smoking, hippie pacifist.
Stefan: Yeah, maybe.
Alaric: I can't say, I thought mine would be so hostile and militant.
Stefan: That actually makes perfect sense. Your wife left you to become a vampire and your girlfriend was killed by one.
Alaric: You must really hate me. Here I am, the failed hunter slash drinking buddy of vampires.
Stefan: Ah, he's too judgmental.
Alaric: The thing is, he's me. I'm not compelled, I'm not possessed, there's no humanity switch. What drives him is me.
Stefan: No. No, he's not you. He's the darkest parts of you. The parts we all have.
Klaus: Well, this is depressing, isn't it?
Klaus: Oh, and I found this 
Stefan: Yeah, well it's gonna take a little more time.
Klaus: Why? Because we're waiting for that one to pass out? 
Stefan: Well, then you won't know the location of the other stake.
Klaus: I can live with that.
Stefan: Well, I can't. When we staked Finn, we discovered that killing an Original vampire killed its entire bloodline. Now, I don't know which one of you I'm descended from, but I'd really rather not find out by dying, so why don't we just find the stake, destroy it, so we can all be safe?
Klaus: So, the fate of the entire vampire race depends on you finding a stake? And to get it we need you to pass out. Which means that I feel totally justified doing this.
Klaus: There. Sleeping like a baby.
Damon: There you are. Any sign of Evil-laric?
Stefan: Nope, only dead Alaric.
Damon: What?
Stefan: Don't worry, he was wearing his ring. Klaus was here, let's just say he's not very patient.
Damon: Kol must have told him we were in Denver. How long has Ric been out?
Stefan: A few hours. I'm hoping when he wakes up, it won't be him, it'll be the other him.
Damon: And if not?
Stefan: Yeah, I know. Whatever it takes. So, were you able to contact Rose?
Damon: Yeah, no answers yet. So, we're just stuck in this motel until she gets back to us.
Stefan: A motel?
Damon: Yeah, we had to get away from Kol. I'll call you when I know more.
Jeremy: So, what's up with you and Damon?
Elena: What do you mean? Nothing's up.
Jeremy: Are you sure about that? Cause even Rose said something.
Elena: What did she say?
Damon: Everything okay in here?
Elena: Yeah. It's fine.
Damon: Okay, well, I'm gonna freshen up. You might want to get some rest. I'm sure Rose will make herself known when she gets back.
Rebekah: How are you dying? I thought Ayana preserved your body with a spell.
Esther: She did. I'm drawing my power from the Bennett witch line. When Abby died the connection was severed. So my body has weakened.
Rebekah: Well, if you've come to spend your last moments with your loving daughter, prepare to be disappointed. You should have spent less time plotting my death.
Esther: Is that what you think I've been doing on the other side? I've been looking over you for a thousand years. Of joy and heartbreak. Your fights with Klaus, the nights you cried yourself to sleep calling out my name. Not a day has gone by that I wasn't right there with you.
Rebekah: And yet you still tried to kill me.
Esther: Because it shouldn't have been a thousand years, Rebekah. No one should live that long.
Rebekah: But I haven't lived at all.
Esther: I'm sorry, Rebekah. I'm so, so sorry.
Klaus: What's going on?
Rebekah: She's dead.
Tyler: Did I mention I miss you? Bad.
Caroline: Mm, at some point we are going to do this in an actual bed, right?
Tyler: 
Caroline: Tell him to suck it. You broke his sire bond, you won't have to deal with him anymore.
Tyler: It's easier said than done. Besides, I won't know if it's broken for sure until I test it.
Caroline: Wait, I thought you said that's why you were coming back, because you said you felt different.
Tyler: I do feel different. I feel freer. Way more myself. All I know is I just turned about a hundred times in the Appalachian Mountains. If I can get through that, I can get through anything.
Caroline: Good. Because Klaus might not be our only problem.
Tyler: Why?
Tyler: What else did I miss?
Caroline: Matt killed an Original and then every vampire that Original had ever turned mysteriously died. Right now, Damon is desperate to figure out which Original created our vampire bloodline and if he finds out it wasn't Klaus, they're all gonna kill him.
Tyler: But Klaus turned me. So if he dies, I die.
Caroline: I know that. They know that. The difference is Damon doesn't care.
Elena: You never told me about that. What you did for Rose.
Damon: It wasn't about you.
Elena: Why don't you let people see the good in you?
Damon: Because when people see good, they expect good. 
Elena: Don't.
Damon: Why not? Elena...
Jeremy: Elena?
Elena: Oh my God, Jeremy. I...
Jeremy: Rose found Mary. She lives in Kansas.
Damon: Okay then. Let's go.
Stefan: Welcome back.
Alaric: What happened? Did I uh..?
Stefan: No, you pretty much laid there dead for half the night. But on the uh- on the plus side, I did almost finish reading Moby Dick.
Alaric: This is stupid. Evil me or whatever you want to call him, he's not gonna make an appearance. Why would he? I mean, the best hiding place is the one where you can't find the person who hid it.
Stefan: I know.
Alaric: So, how do you want to do this?
Stefan: I don't want to do any of this.
Alaric: Well, that makes two of us. But I don't think we have much choice in the matter.
Stefan: Wait, wait, what are you doing? You need that ring.
Alaric: No, what I need is hope that my alter ego doesn't have a death wish. So, I'm taking bets that my dark side has a sense of self-preservation. So, let's see if he defends himself against death.
Stefan: Look, Alaric, I'm not gonna kill you, okay?
Alaric: If we have any chance at this, Stefan, you're gonna have to try.
Jeremy: This is the address.
Damon: Looks about right.
Elena: 
Jeremy: Why?! So you guys can make out some more??
Damon: Don't be a dick. Listen to your sister.
Damon: Thank you. Come on.
Damon: Oof, like Vampire Hoarders.
Elena: Who is this Mary person?
Damon: Scary Mary. She's really old, super creepy.
Elena: And how do you know her?
Damon: I dated her.
Elena: Of course.
Damon: What? I said creepy, not ugly.
Damon: Mary.
Kol: Quite contrary.
Alaric: You're not putting enough into this.
Stefan: If I put any more into it, I'm gonna break your spine.
Alaric: Well don't back down now.
Stefan: No, no, no, no, no, I can't...the blood.
Alaric: Come on, you're past that.
Stefan: No, I'm not.
Alaric: Then use it! Give into it! Try and kill me, Stefan. Come on!
Stefan: Not like this, Alaric.
Alaric: Yes! Like this. You're gonna have to want to kill me for me to believe that you will.
Stefan: If I go this far, I may not be able to stop.
Alaric: If you want the answers from my darkest side, you're gonna have to tap into yours. So, don't back down, don't fight it. Just do it. Do it!
Alaric: You're so weak.
Alaric: Look at you, one of nature's most hideous creatures and you can't even get that right.
Stefan: You.
Alaric: Me.
Kol: Shame about Mary. She used to be a blast. Don't quite know what happened. I fear all the time she spent with my family might have ruined her. She was a bit of an Original groupie.
Elena: And were you her favorite?
Kol: You mean, did I turn her? I think I did. But no, wait, maybe it was Rebekah. There was also a Klaus period. And let's not forget the Elijah affair. I spoke to my brother, I know you're trying to find out who you descended from. Now you never will. So, where did we leave off?
Damon: Elena, get out of here!
Kol: According to my brother, you're off limits. Please don't test me.
Damon: Don't touch her.
Kol: Oh dear, I've hit a nerve. Heh heh. Relax, darling, I just want us to be even. You snapped my neck, you killed my brother, and then you humiliated me.
Kol: There, now we're even.
Stefan: Where's the stake?
Alaric: You're worse than I ever was. Spineless, pathetic.
Stefan: Tell me where the stake is before I kill you.
Alaric: You know you're all gonna burn. Ashes to dust.
Stefan: Where's the stake?!
Stefan: I'm gonna kill you in three...two...one.
Alaric: It's in the cave. Where no vampire can get it. Heh heh!
Klaus: That wasn't too hard, was it?
Elena: Are you okay?
Damon: Yeah.
Damon: That's better.
Damon: Are you okay? You're bleeding.
Elena: Yeah. I'll be fine.
Damon: What are you doing?
Elena: What do you mean?
Damon: Well, this trip and you kissing me. What the hell is this?
Elena: Stefan thinks that I have feelings for you.
Damon: Do you?
Elena: I- I don't – I don't know.
Damon: Hm. I guess you thought this little trip could help you figure that out, didn't you?
Elena: No.
Damon: Or maybe you were hoping I'd screw it up, so I could just make the decision for you, am I wrong?
Elena: Damon...
Damon: Am I wrong??
Elena: It's what you do, Damon. You sabotage things, you...I mean, think about it, every time there's a bump in the road, you lash out.
Damon: What if I didn't? What if there was no bump?
Damon: I'm sorry, Elena. This time I'm not gonna make it so easy for you. This time you'll have to figure it out for yourself.
Klaus: That's a little gratuitous, don't you think, Stefan? I would have been more gentle.
Rebekah: I'm gonna take him to the caves. You're gonna go inside and fetch me the stake and if you think you're gonna hide, you're wrong.
Klaus: And then there was one. I know about your brother's little mission to Denver. He failed. Not that that's news anymore.
Stefan: So, what are you gonna do now, Klaus? You gonna kill me?
Klaus: I haven't actually decided yet.
Stefan: Aww, sure you have. See you've had every chance and every excuse imaginable to do it, but yet you haven't. Which means you don't want to.
Klaus: You know something, you're right. You see, I'm still waiting for my old friend to come back. By the looks of it, he's just beneath the surface. Waiting to come out and play. Isn't that right, Ripper?
Stefan: I've been fighting that part of myself, thinking that if I repressed it then it would go away. But it won't. And now that I've accepted it, it can't control me. And neither can you. So, unless you're gonna stake me, why don't you get the hell out of my house?
Rose: Are we there yet? Don't tell them I'm here. They had a fight. I know you want to stop it. Protect her from him. But you're young, you don't see what I see. It's not just that she makes him a better person, she does, but he changes her too. Damon challenges her, surprises her, he makes her question her life, beliefs. Stefan is different, his love is pure, he'll always be good for her. Damon is either the best thing for her or the worst.
Caroline: My mom said you could stay as long as you want.
Tyler: Did she say we could share the bed?
Caroline: No. She said you could sleep on the couch. At least until we figure out what Damon and Stefan find out about Klaus.
Tyler: And if Klaus didn't create their line and they try to kill him?
Caroline: Tyler, I just got you back.
Caroline: I'm not losing you again.
Tyler: Klaus drew this for you?
Caroline: Huh?
Tyler: That's pretty creepy.
Caroline: Yeah, Klaus is pretty creepy. Even when he's trying to be charming.
Tyler: Charming? Does Klaus have a thing for you or something?
Caroline: No, as far as I'm concerned, he is incapable of real feelings.
Tyler: I'm serious. What the hell happened while I was gone?
Caroline: Tyler. Nothing. Nothing happened.
Tyler: Then why'd you keep this?
Caroline: I don't know!
Tyler: I think I'm gonna find someplace else to spend the night.
Caroline: Tyler. Tyler!
Rebekah: Go get it. You know I can't get in.
Alaric: Now why would I give you the one thing that requires everyone to keep me alive?
Rebekah: Are we bargaining now? Fine. What's your offer?
Alaric: There's only one stake out there. Which means only one Original has to die. Help me and I'll make sure it's not you.
Rebekah: Tenuous, but points for effort. You see, I don't want one Original to die.
Rebekah: I want them all to die.
Alaric: How the hell did you do that?
Rebekah: It was easy to fool Niklaus, but I thought you of all people would understand. After all, my son did use your body at one point.
Alaric: You're not Rebekah.
Rebekah: No. My name is Esther and we have a great deal in common.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.