


Kill or Be Killed







Information


season
number




2
5






Navigation


previous
next




Memory Lane
Plan B





Contents[show]
Emerald Coast One Year Ago

[In the Emerald Coast, Florida, Mason is in a bar.]

Mason: All right, Carlos. That's it for me.

[He pays and goes outside. A man who's been drinking and observing him follows him. Mason goes to his car. The man pushes him.]

Jimmy: Mason!

Mason: Hey Jimmy. Easy. Let's get you home.

Jimmy: Screw you!

[He pushes him again.]

Jimmy: I know about you and Marla.

Mason: What are you talking about? You've had too much to drink.

[Jimmy strangles him. Mason pushes him.]

Mason: Dude! What's up?! It's me, Mason! I'm not messing with Marla. You know that!

[Jimmy punches Mason in the face.]

Mason: You don't want to do this buddy.

Jimmy: I'll kill you!

[Jimmy throws Mason on the ground and kicks him in the stomach. Mason catches his arm and pushes him. Then, he carries him and throws him on the floor. Jimmy's head hit the ground very hard. He's dead.]

Mason: Jimmy? Jimmy?

Lockwood Mansion

Tyler: Wait, the guy died? You killed him?

Mason: He kept coming at me. He got in his head that I was sleeping with his girlfriend.

Tyler: Were you?

Mason: No. No. I wouldn't do that, he was my friend. He was drunk and attacked me. It was self-defense.

Tyler: And it triggered the curse.

Mason: On every full moon, I lose control. If I don't sedate myself and chain myself down, I'll kill anything in my path. You have to be careful. All it takes is an accident, a car wreck. Any death at your hands and you'll have a lifetime of this. You don't want it Tyler, trust me.

Mason: All right. Where's the moonstone? A deal's a deal. I answered your questions.

Tyler: Um, yeah, I'm not sure but I'm guessing it's in here.

[He goes toward his father's safe.]

Tyler: My dad, he was very kooky about his hiding spots but I figured most of them out over the years.

[He opens the safe.]

Tyler: It's all yours.

[Mason looks inside the safe but the moonstone isn't there.]

Tyler: Are you gonna tell me what's so important about this rock or what?

Mason: I told you, it's just something I want. Sentimental value.

Tyler: Yeah, I'm not really buying that. Why do you really want it?

Mason: Do you know where it is or not?

Tyler: No, I figured it would be in here, man.

Gilbert Residence

[Elena is in the bathroom. Jeremy is there too.]

Jeremy: I can't believe Tyler Lockwood is a werewolf.

Elena: We're not sure about that yet. The only thing we know for sure is that Mason Lockwood is.

Jeremy: It should be enough easy for us to figure it out.

Elena: There is no us. I said that I wouldn't keep things from you anymore. That doesn't mean that I want you involved in it.

Jeremy: By definition of being in this family, I'm involved.

Elena: This is dangerous, Jeremy. You have to stay out of it, okay?

Jeremy: Alright. Just saying.

[He leaves. Elena opens her closet. When she closes it, Stefan is here.]

Stefan: Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you.

[She closes the door and kisses him.]

Elena: Hi.

Stefan: Hey.

[They embrace each other.]

Stefan: Are you ready for today?

Elena: No. I hate fighting with you, even if it's fake.

Stefan: I know but if Katherine thinks that we are fighting, then she will think that she's winning and it keeps her from following through with her threats.

Elena: Yeah. But it doesn't make it any easier. Neither does knowing that Caroline will be there, reporting everything back to her.

Stefan: Hey, everything's gonna be okay. Yes, we have to keep up this ruse for a little while but the best way to keep Katherine from hurting anybody, from hurting you.

Elena: Just promise me that she won't get her way with us. We can fake a fight, we can pretend that her threats are tearing us apart but none of it is real, okay?

Stefan: Okay, how about this? Today, when we're fighting, if I say "I can't do this anymore, Elena", what I'll really mean is that I love you.

Elena: And when I say, "Fine Stefan, whatever", well that means I love you too.

[They kiss.]

Forbes Residence

[Liz is taking some boxes. Caroline arrives.]

Caroline: Are you off today?

Sheriff Forbes: The Historical Society Volunteer Picnic is today. You're the one who signed me up.

Caroline: I know. I just assumed you'd bale.

Sheriff Forbes: No. I'm gonna spend the whole day with my daughter.

Caroline: You're gonna pretend to be a mother?

Sheriff Forbes: I'll bring my gun if it gets rough. Come on, give me one day. I've been buried in work mode, I've barely seen you.

Caroline: Well be warned, I'm in a mood.

Sheriff Forbes: Goody for me. What was Elena doing here so late last night?

Caroline: Elena wasn't...yes um...Elena was here. She just needed to talk. Her and Stefan are going through a rough patch.

Sheriff Forbes: Is everything okay with you?

Caroline: I'm fine.

Sheriff Forbes: It's just lately you seem different.

Caroline: I'm not different, I'm fine.

Sheriff Forbes: I know you think I don't notice these things but I do. What's going on with you?

Caroline: You know there's pretending to be a mother and then there's reality. Let's not push our luck, okay?

[She leaves.]

Public Park

[It's the Mystic Falls Historical Society Volunteer Day. Preparations are underway. Carol Lockwood is giving a speech.]

Carol: This is all part of the historical society, continuing efforts to give back to the community. Thanks to the generous donation of the Fell family. We are now standing on the sight of our newest public park. Thank you to everyone who has shown up today to lend a helping hand. Thanks.

[Mason is removing boxes from his trunk. Stefan walks up to him.]

Mason: Stefan right? The other Salvatore.

Stefan: The nice one. The one offering an apology.

Mason: Not interested.

Stefan: Look, my brother acted impulsively.

Mason: You think?

Stefan: If you and Damon keep at each other throats, somebody innocent is going to get hurt and I don't want that. You have family here so I can imagine you'd want that either. So what do you say we just quit the whole alpha male fighting thing and call a truce?

Mason: I made that same offer to your brother. He turned it down with a knife.

Stefan: He made a mistake. I'm here to make sure that neither one of you make another one.

Mason: Tell your brother to watch his back.

[Stefan catches Mason's arm.]

Stefan: Well, I'm guessing that he only has to worry about that during a full moon. Otherwise you're not as strong, am I right? Or you would have killed Damon by now. There's one of you. There's two of us. I think you're the one that needs to watch his back.

Mason: If he comes at me...

Stefan: He won't.

[They shake hands and Mason leaves carrying a box. Damon appears behind Stefan.]

Damon: What are you doing?

Stefan: Negotiating peace on your behalf.

Damon: I don't want peace.

Stefan: Consider it opposite day.

Damon: Stefan, please tell me you don't seriously think a hand shake just solved our problem.

Stefan: No, actually I think that the first chance Mason Lockwood gets, he's gonna drive a stake through your heart and then through mine, all because you took it upon yourself to try to kill him. So thank you, because we don't have enough problems.

[He leaves.]

Mystic Grill

[Jeremy is at a table. He looks at Tyler. Sarah and Aimee are at the pool table. Sarah looks at Jeremy.]

Sarah: When did Jeremy Gilbert get so cute?

Aimee: Oh no, stay away, that guy's damaged goods.

[Jeremy joins Tyler at his table.]

Jeremy: Hey man, how have you been?

Tyler: Since when?

Jeremy: I don't know, I haven't seen you much since your father's funeral. I just figured maybe you'd want...

Tyler: I'm fine, Gilbert.

Jeremy: Yeah, okay.

[He starts to leave.]

Tyler: Wait, hold up. I'm sorry. Bad day, bad month. Listen, you were cool that day, at the wake. Thanks for that. I felt like kind of a freak show.

Jeremy: Yeah, I know the feeling well. What are you doing here?

Tyler: Distracting myself.

[Aimee and Sarah join them.]

Aimee: Hey, thanks for the text. Where too?

Tyler: My place. My mom is gone all day. Empty house, fully stocked bar...

Aimee: Margaritas?

Tyler: Sure.

[He looks at Jeremy.]

Tyler: You in?

Jeremy: Yeah. Yeah, I'm in.

Aimee: Let's do it.

[They leave.]

Public Park

[Mason is helping Liz.]

Sheriff Forbes: Oh thanks Mason.

Mason: Hey Sheriff, you've got a second?

Sheriff Forbes: I'm out of uniform. Let's go with Liz.

Mason: Alright Liz. I was hoping to talk to you about the council.

Sheriff Forbes: I don't know what you're talking about.

Mason: I know you and the others founding families have a secret council.

Sheriff Forbes: If that were true then you'd know it's a secret and isn't discussed with non-council members.

Mason: I know I rejected all that but it's only because I wanted a life outside of this town, not because I was a non-believer. Look, I know vampires exist and you have two of them living right under your nose.

Sheriff Forbes: Really?

Mason: Yeah.

Sheriff Forbes: Who would they be?

Mason: Damon and Stefan Salvatore.

Sheriff Forbes: That's impossible. I know Damon Salvatore. Do you know what he's done for this town?

Mason: I know it's a lot to digest.

Sheriff Forbes: No. I watched him kill vampires. He's an ally; he's part of the Council.

Mason: Think about it. When did the vampire attacks begin? When Damon and Stefan Salvatore moved to town?

Sheriff Forbes: They walk in the sun, Mason.

Mason: They've evolved. It's not 1864. They figured it out, Liz.

Sheriff Forbes: No. Damon Salvatore is my friend.

Mason: What if I can prove it to you?

[They look at Stefan and Damon.]
[Elsewhere Elena and Caroline are talking while they walk to and start painting a veranda.]

Caroline: So suddenly, she's in the running for Mother of the Year just when I'm trying to avoid her the most. I'm babbling, you don't want to hear all this.

Elena: Oh, no, sorry. Then what happened?

Caroline: Well, I was a bitch which is par for the course with us. So, how are things with you and Stefan? Anything?

Elena: No, not since the fight. He's been pushing me away because he thinks that Katherine might get jealous enough to hurt me. I just don't know how to change his mind.

Caroline: You said that Katherine's dangerous. Maybe he's got a point.

Elena: Yeah, I know that she's dangerous and I know that he's just trying to protect me but it feels like giving up and I just...

Caroline: Just what?

Elena: I just thought that we were stronger than that.

[Damon joins Liz.]

Damon: Hey, I saw you with Mason earlier. What was that about?

Sheriff Forbes: Oh, I ah, I just asked him to help with the cleanup in the woods.

Damon: That's why I'm here for, put me to work. Should I go help him?

Sheriff Forbes: Oh no. You know, he's...I'm sure he's fine.

Damon: Are you okay, Liz? You seem really upset.

Sheriff Forbes: It's Caroline. We had a moment.

Damon: Is there anything I can do?

Sheriff Forbes: No, Damon. Thank you. It's just horrible parental skills paying off in spades. (She walks off.)

[Back to Elena painting. She looks at Stefan. He looks at her. Caroline is looking at them.]

Caroline: Oh, oh. Longing looks are being exchanged.

Elena: I'm gonna go talk to him.

Caroline: No, Elena. I think it's a bad idea.

[Elena leaves and goes towards Stefan when Damon joins Caroline.]

Damon: What's her problem?

Caroline: Don't worry about it.

Damon: Why are you being such a bitch to your mom?

Caroline: Don't worry about it.

[Elena joins Stefan.]

Elena: Do you still care about Katherine?

Stefan: Don't do this. Please don't turn this into something that it's not.

Elena: So this is not for discussion. That's what you're saying?

[Damon and Caroline are listening in on them from afar.]

Stefan: No, I'm saying that this isn't up for discussion right now because we have ears on us.

[They look at Damon and Caroline. They both pretend that they're not listening.]

Elena: Okay, when?

Stefan: I don't know.

Elena: I saw her Stefan. It's like we are the same person. How could you hate her and be in love with me?

Stefan: You're reaching. I'm not...I'm not Damon.

Elena: How about we don't bring Damon into this right now?

Stefan: You know, I can't...I can't do this anymore, Elena.

[Elena remembers this really means "I love you". She replies in code.]

Elena: Fine, Stefan. Whatever.

[Elena leaves. Damon is still with Caroline.]

Damon: Relationships are about communication.

[Caroline leaves.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Aimee and Sarah are dancing. Tyler and Jeremy are drinking. Aimee joins Tyler.]

Aimee: Where is mine?

Tyler: Have at it.

[They go toward the bar.]

Aimee: Thanks for having us over. I think Sarah's got a thing for Jeremy.

Tyler: Well, good for Sarah.

Aimee: Look, I'm really embarrassed about slutting it up with you that day at the swimming hole. I'm really not like that, I promise you.

Tyler: You don't need to apologize.

Aimee: Friends?

Tyler: Yeah, sure.

[They clink glasses and drink.]
[Sarah takes Jeremy's sketchbook.]

Sarah: Can I see?

Jeremy: No, no. No way.

Aimee: I want to see.

Tyler: Yeah, let's see. What's Van Gogh got going on?

Jeremy: Okay, yeah. Check it out.

[She looks at Jeremy's drawings.]

Sarah: Ooh, scary demon wolf thing.

[Tyler seems uncomfortable. Jeremy looks at him.]

Tyler: What's this about?

[He takes the notebook and pages through the drawings.]

Jeremy: Just some sketches. You still draw, Tyler?

Tyler: A little, but not much. You know, I've got something I'm actually working on. Come on, I'll show you.

Jeremy: Yeah. Okay, sure.

[They start to walk into the office.]

Aimee (to Sarah): You're gonna need a drink.

Tyler (to Jeremy): I mean, it's nothing special, it's pretty much amateur hour over here.

[Now Tyler and Jeremy are in the office.]

Jeremy: Oh man, I've seen you said before, it's great.

Tyler: It's on the desk.

[Jeremy looks on the desk but there's nothing. Tyler closes the door.]

Jeremy: Aah, I...don't really see it there.

[Tyler rushes over him, pushes him against the wall and strangles him.]

Tyler: What were those pictures about, huh?

Jeremy: I can't...I can't breathe!

Tyler: Answer me! Why? Why wolf pictures?

Jeremy: Because...because I know.

Tyler: You know what? You know what Jeremy?!

Jeremy: I know what you are.

Public Park

[Mason is at the lemonade stand taking a cup of lemonade from the girl operating the stand.]

Mason: Thank you.

Girl: You're welcome.

[Mason drinks the lemonade. Damon joins him.]

Damon: Well, Mason. Working hard?

Mason: Doing my part.

Damon: I heard you talked to Stefan.

Mason: Nice guy.

Damon: Yeah, a lot nicer than me.

Mason: Nice is overrated.

Damon: That's what I thought. Huh!

Mason: You have a good day, Damon.

[He leaves. Stefan arrives.]

Stefan: Please tell me that you were just bonding.

Damon: So what's up this faux drama in your relationship?

Stefan: What are you talking about?

Damon: Oh come on, Stefan. You and Elena don't fight, especially not over me.

Stefan: Drop it, Damon.

Damon: With pleasure.

Girl: Would you like some lemonade?

Damon: Thank you, sweetie.

[Damon drinks lemonade but spits it out and starts coughing. Liz looks at him from afar.]

Stefan: What's wrong?

Damon: (gasping) Vervain! Vervain!

[Elsewhere, Elena is alone. Caroline joins her.]

Caroline: You okay?

Elena: No.

Caroline: You know, maybe it's for the best.

Elena: It's not for the best, Caroline. None of this is for the best. I'm sorry, okay? I...I don't mean to take it out on you. You're just being a good friend.

Caroline: No, I'm not. I'm not being a good friend at all.

[She sees her mom on the phone, leaving the park.]

Caroline: Is she leaving? Where is my mom going?

[Liz is on the phone.]

Sheriff Forbes: Look, I can't talk here. Just get Jess and meet me down the hill at the entrance. And bring a...yes we need it.

Caroline: What's wrong?

Sheriff Forbes: Nothing. I just have something...

Caroline: You mean work? You've surprised me. You last longer than 5 minutes.

Sheriff Forbes: It's important.

Caroline: It always is.

Sheriff Forbes: (Breaking into tears.) I'm sorry.

[She leaves. Elena joins Caroline.]

Elena: What's going on?

Caroline: I don't know. Something's up.

[Damon grabs a bottle of water, rinses his mouth out with it, and spits it out. He's very angry.]

Damon: I'm gonna kill him.

Stefan: Listen to me! Sit! Sit!

Damon: I'm not listening anymore of your "give peace a chance" crap. He's dead!

Stefan: Okay. I don't like it. He's making threats. He could expose us. We need to put him down.

Damon: Alright. Let's do it.

[He sees Mason going into the woods.]

Damon: Woods. Trash duty. Come on.

[Caroline and Elena are going into the woods.]

Elena: Where are you going? What's going on?

Caroline: I need to be able to hear better.

Elena: Hear what?

Caroline: Something's wrong, Elena.

Elena: Caroline...

Caroline: Shh.

Woods

[Mason is in the woods. Stefan and Damon arrive.]

Damon: Don't look so surprised. You knew this was inevitable. Go ahead, run. I'll give you a head start.

[Mason bends down. Suddenly shots ring out, hitting Damon and Stefan. They both fall to the ground.]
[Caroline has heard everything.]

Caroline: Oh god.

Elena: What is it?

Caroline: Stefan and Damon.

Elena: What?

[Stefan and Damon are on the floor. Liz and some of her deputies arrive.]

Sheriff Forbes: Thank you, Mason.

[She injects Damon and Stefan with vervain.]

Lockwood Mansion

Tyler: How do you know about all this?

Jeremy: My uncle John left this old diary lying around. It was written by a crazy Gilbert ancestor who wrote about this curse that ran in your family.

Tyler: A curse about what?

Jeremy: Werewolves. It's crazy, right? But then, Matt was attacked by a wolf under a full moon and your uncle had just gotten back to town. It was too weird. Is it true?

Tyler: About my uncle? Yeah.

Jeremy: But you...you're not?

Tyler: A wolf? I'm sorry, werewolf? No. I mean, not yet. Just saying that out loud, I sound insane.

Jeremy: I don't think so but then again, I always did believe in the crazy stuff.

Tyler: According to my uncle, you have to trigger the curse. Somebody has to die at your hands, like a murder or an accident. I basically have to cause death and then boom: next full moon I'm howling on all fours.

Jeremy: Is that why he came back? To tell you all this?

Tyler: Yeah, right. He had to tell me. I caught him. He's not here for me.

[He takes the moonstone from his pocket and holds it up.]

Tyler: He's here for this.

Woods

[Liz, Mason and the deputies are going into the old Lockwood estate ruins. The deputies are carrying Stefan and Damon.]

Mason: It's down the stairs to the left.

Sheriff Forbes: Careful. The wooden bullets and vervain won't keep them down for long. What is this place?

Mason: Old slave quarters from the original Lockwood house.

[They are in the ruins.]

Sheriff Forbes: Thank you, Mason. I appreciate all you've done. We got it from here.

Mason: You're gonna kill them, right?

Sheriff Forbes: Yes. That's why you should go. Here it's the Council, not the law. You can't be a party to this. It's for your own protection.

Mason: Liz, I don't care about...

Sheriff Forbes: Yes but I do, and I'm not asking. Goodbye Mason.

Mason: Don't take any chances.

[He leaves.]
[Outside, Caroline and Elena are running in the woods looking for Liz, Damon and Stefan but suddenly Caroline stops.]

Elena: What is it?

Caroline: They've been here.

[She bends down and looks at a plant. There's blood on it.]

Elena: What?

[Mason arrives.]

Mason: What are you two doing out here?

Elena: Have you seen Stefan?

Mason: Yeah Elena, I've seen him. Seen Damon too.

Elena: Where are they?

Mason: You don't need me for that. I'll let your friend here sniff them out.

[He looks at Caroline.]

Mason: Does your mother know what you are? I'm happy to tell her.

[She goes towards him but he catches Elena from behind and strangles her with an arm under her chin.]

Mason: Don't be stupid! Necks snap easy around here.

Caroline: I can take you.

Mason: Wanna bet?

Caroline: Yeah. I do.

[She rushes over him, grabs him, and pushes him against a tree.]

Caroline: I told you.

[She knees him in the groin and pushes him down onto all fours. She then kicks him hard in the stomach which sends him flying against a tree and falls on the ground.]

Caroline: Come on.

[They leave.]
[In the cellar, Damon wakes up. Liz shoots him in the leg.]

Sheriff Forbes: This is how it's gonna work. Answer me and you don't get shot, understand? How many of you are there?

Damon: Liz, please.

[She shoots him again. He screams.]

Sheriff Forbes: How did you fool us? How do you walk in the sun?

[He doesn't answer. She shoots Stefan who doesn't react because he's unconscious.]

Sheriff Forbes: I will drag this out painfully.

Damon: But you're my friend.

Sheriff Forbes: Our friendship was a lie. Answer me and I'll kill you fast.

[Elena and Caroline arrive at the ruins.]

Elena: What is that?

[Caroline hears her mother.]

Sheriff Forbes (heard by Caroline): He's not gonna tell us anything. Kill them both.

Elena: Caroline. Caroline, what is it?

Caroline: My mom. She's killing them.

Elena: What?!

[Elena starts motioning forward but Caroline grabs her arm.]

Caroline: No, no, no, no!

Elena: We have to stop her!

Caroline: No, I can't. Elena, she's gonna find out about me. Elena!

[Elena rushes into the ruins.]
[Liz is still in the ruins.]

Sheriff Forbes: Let's do this. Each with a stake in the heart, then burn them both.

[She hears a metallic creaking sound. She looks at one of her deputies.]

Sheriff Forbes: Check it out.

[Elena hits the deputy with a plank and then goes into the main cell. Liz sees her and points her gun at her.]

Sheriff Forbes: Elena! What are you doing?

Elena: You can't kill them. I'm not gonna let you.

[From behind, the deputy comes up and quickly pushes her foward and readies his gun.]
[They hear a noise. The door closes by itself.]

Deputy: What was that?

Sheriff Forbes: Who else is with you?

[Caroline circles around at vamp speed, closes on one of the deputies and bites his neck. The other deputy fires at her, but only shoots the first deputy. When he stops shooting, Caroline rushes from behind and knocks him to the ground. Caroline then reveals herself with her vampire face to her mom.]

Caroline: Hi mom.

[Later, Damon and Stefan are now awake. Damon is feeding on one of the deputies and then he checks on Stefan. Elena is sitting with Stefan. Caroline and Liz are sitting quietly in different parts of the cell.]

Damon: You need to drink some deputy blood.

Stefan: No. I'm gonna be fine. It's just gonna take a little bit longer.

Caroline: Damon's right you know. If there's ever time to break your diet...

Elena: He said he didn't want it, okay?

Damon: This is a most unfortunate situation. Two deputies dead and you.

[He looks at Liz.]

Damon: What am I gonna do with you?

Caroline: You won't tell anyone, will you? Mom? Mom? Please. Look, I know that we don't get along and that you hate me but I'm your daughter and you'll do this for me, right? Mom, please. He will kill you.

Sheriff Forbes: Then kill me.

Caroline: No!

Sheriff Forbes: I can't take this. Kill me now.

[Damon bends down to look her in the eyes.]

Damon: But you were gonna drag it out so painfully.

[He suddenly grabs her. She stands up quickly.]

Caroline: No, no, no, no, no, no, no!

Stefan: Damon, don't!

Elena: Damon, please!

Damon: Relax guys. No one is killing anybody.

[He looks at Liz.]

Damon: You're my friend.

[He looks at the deputies.]

Damon: We've got to clean this up.

Lockwood Mansion

[Jeremy is looking at the moonstone.]

Jeremy: What is it?

Tyler: It's a moonstone. I looked it up online. It's a natural rock but there supposed to have all sorts of supernatural legends attached to them.

Jeremy: Why didn't you give it to him?

Tyler: Because he wants it. I'm a dick that way. It's important to him for some reason but I don't trust the guy so I'm not just gonna hand it to him.

[Aimee and Sarah burst in.]

Sarah: Found you!

Aimee: Hey, you guys are missing all the drinking.

Sarah: Oh, I'm sorry. Were you two having a moment?

Tyler: No, we're good.

Sarah: Hey, hey, what is that?

Tyler: It's...woah, hey.

[She takes the moonstone.]

Aimee: Pretty.

Tyler: Okay, let's not play with the rock.

Aimee: Well, come and get it.

Tyler: Look, I'll play along for a little bit but seriously, give it back.

Sarah: Lookie here.

[Aimee opens her hand, revealing she doesn't have it. Sarah has the stone in her hand and waves it at Tyler.]

Sarah: Snooze, you lose.

[She runs, he goes after her.]

Tyler: You're lucky. You're cute when you're drunk.

Sarah: I want Jeremy to come get it.

Tyler: Give me a break.

Aimee: Sarah, don't be a bad drunk.

Sarah: Jeremy, come upstairs with me. See how a bad drunk I can be.

Jeremy: I'm good, thanks.

[Tyler goes on the stairs and tries to takes the moonstone from Sarah's hands. He takes it and she falls down the stairs and hits her head on the floor. She lies there motionless.]

Jeremy: Sarah!

Aimee: Sarah, oh my god!

Tyler: She fell!

Aimee: She's not moving. Oh my god.

[Sarah opens her eyes and laughs.]

Sarah: I fooled you.

Aimee: Oh my god.

Sarah: You pushed me down the stairs!

Jeremy: Look, he didn't mean it okay? You got her?

[She gets up and leaves with Aimee.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Elena opens the door. Caroline is there with a suitcase.]

Caroline: Hey, sorry that took forever. I just didn't know how long my mom was gonna be here.

Elena: Damon says it'll take three days tops for the vervain to leave her system. Maybe even sooner.

[Stefan joins the girls.]

Caroline: Hey! You get some bunny in you?

Stefan: Yeah, I'm feeling much better, thank you.

[In the cellar, Liz is on the phone while Damon is watching her across the room.]

Sheriff Forbes: A stomach bug. Yeah, it came on fast. I'll definitely be out tomorrow...

Damon: Tsk, tsk, tsk.

[She looks at Damon and understands the warning.]

Sheriff Forbes: ...or longer. I'll text you. Yeah. Good night.

[She hangs up and gives the phone to Damon.]

Damon: Thank you. It's not exactly the Ritz, but it's secure. Brought you a good thread count. And once the vervain's worked its way out of your system, I will compel you, you will forget everything and you will be a free woman.

[Caroline, Stefan and Elena arrive at the cell and are about to enter when Caroline stops outside the door and listens.]

Sheriff Forbes: Can you keep Caroline far away from me please? I don't wanna see her.

Damon: She's your daughter, Liz.

Sheriff Forbes: Not anymore. My daughter's gone.

Damon: You have no idea how wrong you are about that.

[He looks at Caroline. She leaves, Elena follows her. Stefan starts to follow but stops, looks aside and sees the fridge. He goes over and opens it, revealing it's full of blood bags. He takes a blood bag in his hand and looks at it. Elena arrives.]

Elena: Stefan, I think that we should...what are you doing?

Stefan: Katherine took a little vervain every day and built up a tolerance to it...I could do the same with blood. I could learn to control myself on it.

Elena: But you can't, Stefan. You don't have to.

Stefan: I almost died tonight, Elena. Because I was too weak.

Elena: But the last time that you drank human blood...

Stefan: I told you I'll find a way to stop Katherine, didn't I? Well this is it, this is the only way because she's stronger than me. And unless that changes this, I can't protect you.

Elena: (Tapping her ear, indicating others might overhear.) Can we talk about this later?

Stefan: He can hear us wherever we are, because he drinks this. This is...this is the only thing that can help me!

Elena: (Half whispering.) Are you serious? Are you pretending to fight? Because I can't tell if...

Stefan: No, this is real. No more pretend.

[She looks at him and leaves.]
[Caroline is alone in the living room. Elena joins her.]

Elena: Can I take you home?

Caroline: (Shaking her head.) I can't go home.

Elena: Why not?

Caroline: Because I'm scared.

Elena: Why are you scared? Caroline, you can talk to me.

Caroline: Katherine's gonna be there and she's gonna want me to tell her everything that happened today. She told me I had to spy on you and report back to her.

Elena: I know and I've been so mad at you. But then, I tried to put myself in your position so that I could understand why you would do this to me and to Stefan because he's been such a friend to you. Who did she threaten?

Caroline: Matt, she threatened Matt and I'm so scared of her Elena! I am so scared of her.

Elena: And you should be. Caroline, we all should be.

Caroline: Why is she doing this? What does she want?

Elena: That's the million dollar question.

[She embraces Caroline.]

Lockwood Mansion

[Mason is on the phone leaving a voicemail message for Liz.]

Mason: Hey Sheriff, it's Mason Lockwood. I just want to make sure everything went okay today. I didn't see you later and...give me a call will you?

[He hangs up. Tyler arrives.]

Mason: Hey.

Tyler: I almost killed a girl today.

Mason: What?

Tyler: It was an accident. I was being stupid. She's okay though but there I was, y'know, and just for a moment, for a split second, I hoped she would die. Look, whatever this is inside me, I don't want any part of it. I don't ever want to feel that way again. I won't. I can't.

Mason: I know.

[Tyler pulls the moonstone out of his pocket and gives it to Mason..]

Mason: Thank you.

Tyler: Yeah.

Salvatore Boarding House

[Elena tucks a blanket around Caroline. She gets up and walks to the door. Damon intercepts her.]

Elena: Caroline's sleeping on the couch.

Damon: I heard and you?

Elena: I'm going home. (She goes to the door, but stops.) What you did for Caroline's mom, that's the Damon who was my friend. (She opens the door to leave.)

Damon: Hey, Stefan didn't drink the people blood, if you were curious, but he needs to and deep down you know that.

[Stefan is in the library. Elena joins him.]

Stefan: You can come in.

Elena: Do you really think that you can control it?

Stefan: I don't know but if I don't try...

Elena: So a little bit every day?

Stefan: Yeah, just a few drops of blood in my system. I think it's worth trying.

Elena: So do I, but I don't want you to do it alone.

[She takes a paper-knife.]

Stefan: What are you doing?

[She cuts her hand.]

Elena: It's you and me, Stefan. Always.

[He drinks her blood. His face changes. She kisses him. His face becomes normal again. They kiss again.]

Woods

[Mason is in the woods. A car is waiting for him. He goes in the car. Katherine is in the car.]

Katherine: I've been waiting.

Emerald Coast One Year Ago

[Mason's eyes are yellow. Katherine arrives.]

Katherine: Mason? What happened?

Mason: Jimmy attacked me.

Katherine: What? Why?

Mason: He said that I hit on Marla.

Katherine: Why would he think that?

[She embraces him.]

Mason: He's dead. I killed him.

[She looks at Jimmy's body and smiles.]

Katherine: Everything's gonna be okay.

[She embraces him.]

Woods

[Mason leans over to kiss Katherine but she puts up a hand to stop him.]

Katherine: What was that stunt today that you pulled with Damon and Stefan Salvatore?

Mason: I thought you would be happy about that.

Katherine: I told you to stay away from them.

Mason: Why do you even care?

Katherine: I don't want you to get distracted. I need you to find the moonstone.

[He slowly smiles as he looks at her.]

Katherine: You got it?

Mason: I got it.

[They kiss passionately.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

