



The Departed







Information


season
number




3
22






Navigation


previous
next




Before Sunset
Growing Pains





Contents

Gilbert Residence (Past)




Jenna: Hey.

Elena: Jeremy locked himself in the bathroom again. Does he think we don't know what he's doing in there?

Jenna: He's fourteen. They don't think.




Jenna: Hey! You'll get me in trouble.




Miranda: Good morning.

Elena: Morning, mom.




Mystic Falls Hospital




Meredith: She's gonna be fine. She got a little banged up today, hit her head, but it was just a slight concussion, nothing to worry about.

Jeremy: But she collapsed, there was blood.

Meredith: Honestly, Jeremy, she's okay. She's just...she's been through a lot. Is there anyone you want to call?

Road




Damon: You did what?

Jeremy: I took her to the hospital. When you find your sister unconscious, you call 911.

Damon: Not when you have a parade of vampires at your disposal!

Stefan: Every remaining Original is gonna want Elena dead to stop Alaric. She's a sitting duck in there.

Jeremy: Well, Meredith wants to keep her here for observation.

Damon: Jeremy, get Elena home, we're on our way.




Damon: Have I told you lately how much I appreciate you not being the dumbest brother on Earth?

Stefan: You know one of us needs to keep moving, right? If Klaus really is the sire of our bloodline, we need to keep his body hidden before Alaric finds him, kills him, and we all end up dead.

Damon: Our life is one, big, proverbial coin toss.

Mystic Falls Hospital




Alaric: Hello, Meredith.

Meredith: What are you doing here?

Alaric: I'm Elena's guardian. I thought it was strange I didn't get a phone call.

Meredith: How did you find out?

Alaric: I have eyes and ears everywhere now. It's funny, the people of this town are actually good at their jobs when you allow them to be. Speaking of, you are a little too good at your job.




Alaric: But that's because you cheat. So, I found your stash of vampire blood.




Meredith: No, stop it! No, don't do that, stop it!




Alaric: The Council will be in touch with the medical board to have your license suspended. Mayor Lockwood and Sheriff Forbes are being relieved of their duties. I'm getting this town back under control. 
 And you will be releasing Elena to my custody.




Gilbert Residence




Caroline: Couch.

Elena: I'm fine. I just...I want something to eat first.

Tyler: We're on it, as soon as we make sure no one is lurking in the closets.




Caroline: All right, couch, now!

Elena: Uhh, I told you I'm fine.




Caroline: Doctor says rest, you rest.




Caroline: Now, what can I get you? Do you want some tea, maybe some vodka? Both will help you sleep.




Caroline: I know, I'm being smothering. It's what I do.

Elena: No, it's-it's nice.

Caroline: I'm thinking-maybe tea with vodka.




Mystic Falls High School (Past)




Elena: Caroline Forbes told me that my ponytail lacked 'zhuzh'.

Matt: 
 I don't even know what that means.

Bonnie: It means Caroline is driving Elena crazy, as usual. So, as I psychically predicted, flare jeans are making a comeback.

Elena: That doesn't make you psychic, Bonnie. It means that you watch too much Top Model.

Bonnie: Say what you want, but I've got a bad feeling about the bonfire tonight.

Elena: It doesn't matter because I can't go.




Elena: I know, but Jenna's in town and my parents want to do family night.

Matt: You have to go. See if you can sneak out.




Matt: Gotta see Coach Tanner. Love you.




Bonnie: You didn't say it back.

Elena: What?

Bonnie: You know what. You can't string him along, Elena. If you're not into it anymore, just tell him.

Gilbert Residence




Elena: Where is everyone?

Matt: Tyler and Caroline got a call from their moms. What were you dreaming about?

Elena: Sophomore year.

Matt: Seems like forever ago.

Elena: It was. I'm sorry that I strung you along. I should have figured out what I wanted and just been honest about it. I'm now making the same mistakes with Stefan and Damon. It's not right what I'm doing to them either, I – I have to let one of them go.

Matt: Which one?




Elena: Stefan.

Stefan: Hey.

Mystic Grill




Jeremy: Thanks man, tell the kitchen I appreciate them staying open for me.




Alaric: We need to talk.

Gilbert Residence




Elena: I'm being over coddled. I feel completely fine.

Stefan: You're on house arrest. You're supposed to be coddled.

Matt: Wouldn't it be smarter if we just got you the hell out of town?

Elena: And do what? Go on the run for the rest of my life? No thank you. 
 And I'm not an invalid. I'm done with the couch.




Matt: So, you're just gonna let her call the shots?

Stefan: Letting her make her own decisions.

Matt: Even if they're wrong?

Stefan: Nothing wrong with free will, Matt. Trust me, you don't realize that till you lose it.

Elena: Stefan.




Stefan: Elijah.

Elijah: Hello again.

Mystic Grill

Alaric: I need you to tell me where they're keeping Klaus' body.

Jeremy: I don't know and even if I did, why would I tell you?

Alaric: Elena's association with vampires nearly got her killed again tonight, Jeremy. Does that even register with you?

Jeremy: Of course it does.

Alaric: Well, she can't seem to cut them out of her life, but I can. And with your help, I'll get rid of all of them. Find out where Klaus' body is being hidden, I'll kill him, all his siblings, and when I die, vampires will no longer exist.

Jeremy: But the only way for you to die is if Elena dies.

Alaric: Then lock me up. Have Bonnie put a spell on me like she did Klaus. Let Elena live a long, healthy human life and when her life is over, mine will be too. 
 This stake is the one weapon on Earth that can kill them. I'm gonna get Klaus either way, Jeremy. Be on the right side of this.

Gilbert Residence




Elijah: All we need is to take that stake away from him. Once he's been disarmed, the weapon's in my possession, my family will scatter to the ends of the Earth and Alaric will follow us.

Stefan: And you'll just run?




Elijah: We've done it before. Klaus and Rebekah spent the better part of a thousand years evading my father. What's another half century while Elena is able to live out the rest of her natural life?

Elena: We've finally stopped him, Elijah. After everything that he's done to us, I can't just let you bring him back.

Elijah: I give you my word, Elena. I will not revive Klaus within yours nor even within your children's lifetimes. Perhaps that will finally teach him some manners.

Matt: Why should she trust you? All you've done is screw her over.

Elijah: And for that, I am deeply ashamed. But know this, she could have been dead the instant I walked through that door tonight, so Elena, I leave it to you to make the decision whether to trust me or not.




Damon: Not! Hello? Did that concussion give you brain damage?! His lunatic siblings will kill you the first chance they get!

Elijah: Rebekah and Kol will honor the terms. If you return Klaus' body to us, Elena will come to no harm.




Elijah: Do we have a deal?

Damon: No! No, no, no, no! Did I mention no?

Stefan: Elena, it's up to you.

Damon: Oh, come on!

Elena: Why do you want Klaus' body?

Elijah: He's my brother. We remain together.

Elena: 
 We have a deal.

Lockwood Mansion




Tyler: Mom?

Carol: In here!




Caroline: Mom.

Tyler: What's going on?

Carol: Alaric outed us to the council. He told them everything. The whole council knows what you are.

Sheriff Forbes: He's got them looking for Klaus and then they're gonna come looking for you. You can't be here when they do.

Caroline: What are you saying?

Sheriff Forbes: You both need to get out of town.

Carol: I pulled together some cash and Liz will get you some new identification and we'll get school records...

Tyler: Woah, wait a minute, you want us to run?

Sheriff Forbes: We can't protect you anymore.

Caroline: Well, we can't just pack up and leave!

Carol: If you stay, you're going to end up dead. You don't have a choice.




Gilbert Residence




Matt: So what are you gonna do?

Jeremy: What I wanna do is run in that house, grab Elena, and get her out of here and away from all this.

Matt: So why don't we?

Jeremy: Good luck getting her past all the vampires in there. Even if I wanted to help Alaric, I have no idea where Klaus' body is.

Matt: I do.

Mystic Grill




Alaric: Yes?

Jeremy: I know where Klaus' body is.

Alaric: Good. Tell me.

Jeremy: Damon's on his way to bury him in the woods off Route 12. I'll text you with the specifics.

Alaric: Thank you, Jeremy. You're doing the right thing for your sister.

Jeremy: I know.




Jeremy: He bought it.

Lockwood Mansion




Caroline: We can't just leave town.

Tyler: Yes, we can.

Caroline: But our friends need us.

Tyler: And our mothers need us to stay alive. 
 Look, Stefan and Damon are gonna do whatever it takes to protect themselves, but this is our lives. So let me protect you.

Caroline: I'll go anywhere with you. I mean, if we have to spend the rest of our lives running, I will run with you. But, first, I have to help our friends.

Tyler: I'll get stuff together and meet you at the cellar in two hours.

Caroline: Deal!




Tyler: We've got to travel light, so what do you need?

Caroline: Just you. Maybe a curling iron.




Caroline: Oh, I have to tell Bonnie!

Tyler: I'll call Bonnie, okay? Two hours, don't you dare be late.

Caroline: Okay.




Storage Units




Damon: You know, I'm not half way out of Virginia and Elena sells our souls to the Originals?

Bonnie: It was her call.

Damon: You know what else is her call? Everything bad ever.

Bonnie: Where's the body? As long as it's unspelled, Alaric is one witch away from finding it.

Damon: Hidden. I was gonna use Unit 666, but figured that would be a little obvious. So...
 1020. Mini fridge, a couple bird cages, a box of old Playboys 
 One beef jerkified Original.




Damon: Oh, creepy.

Bonnie: I need a minute.

Damon: Just jam the witch locator, bat signal or whatever and get on with it, Bonnie.

Bonnie: Elena and Jeremy lost Jenna and Alaric because of him. Tyler's a hybrid, my mother's a vampire. Could you give me a minute to just appreciate the sight of him like this?




Bonnie: You should burn in hell. But if you die, so do my friends. So does my mother. What am I supposed to do about that?

Gilbert Residence




Elena: Stefan, make sure that Alaric doesn't lay a hand on Jeremy.

Stefan: Jeremy will be fine. Between all of us, we'll have the strength in numbers to disarm Alaric.




Stefan: Hey, what's wrong?

Elena: Lately, I feel like every time someone walks out of this house, there's a chance they may not make it back home.

Stefan: Well, I promise I will do everything in my power to make sure that we all come back.




Elena: Stefan.




Elena: 
 Forget it. Um-we-we can talk later.




Stefan: That's just in case there is no later.




Storage Units




Damon: Bonnie just left. Rebekah should be here soon to pick up the body.

Stefan: I've got Caroline and Elijah in place. Jeremy is gonna lead Alaric to us.

Damon: You just had to let her make the choice, didn't you?

Stefan: What would you have done, Damon?

Damon: Grabbed her, gagged her, threw her in a well, I don't know, anything other than let her trust Elijah.

Stefan: You know she'd just hate you for it, right?

Damon: Yeah, but she'd be alive and she'd hate me. Thus, the eternal difference between you and me, brother.

Stefan: As soon as we get the stake, hand over the coffin and get out. Alaric's got half the police looking for Klaus' car.

Damon: Will do. 
 Gotta go, the Original sister is here.




Damon: It's about time, sexy Bex.




Alaric: Where is Klaus?

Damon: How did you find me?

Alaric: Oh, you'd be amazed at how competent law enforcement is when it's not corrupted by vampires. Now, where is Klaus?

Damon: In a storage locker. There's only about a thousand of them, have at it.




Gilbert Residence




Elena: Mm, thank you.




Matt: Sorry, I over-honeyed. I suck at tea.




Matt: So, Stefan?

Elena: He saved my life, you know. I never told you that. The night that my parents' car went off the bridge, Stefan was the one that saved me.

Matt: So, do you feel like you owe him or something?

Elena: No, it's not that. It's – after the accident, I kind of felt like I didn't know how to live anymore, like I didn't want to, but then being with Stefan...it just...somehow I figured it out. And that's what love should be. You should love the person that makes you glad that you're alive.

Matt: So then, what's the problem?

Elena: The problem's Damon. When I'm with him, he just consumes me. And I know that I can't love them both, I know that it's wrong, but I – when I choose one then I'll lose the other. And I don't want to lose anyone else. I – I just – I wish that I had my mom here to give me some advice.




Woods (Past)




Elena: Hey, it's me.

Jenna: Your dad is making me play Pictionary. I suck at Pictionary.

Grayson: You do. You're terrible.

Jenna: Bite me, Grayson.

Elena: Listen, do you think someone could come pick me up?

Jenna: Oh, having second thoughts about ditching family night?

Miranda: Here. 
 Elena, everything okay?

Elena: Matt and I got into a fight. He was talking about college and marriage and all the stuff that he always talks about and I just, I couldn't.

Miranda: He doesn't really care about that yet, honey, he's just trying to figure out how you feel about him right now.

Elena: I don't know how I feel.

Miranda: Yes you do. You're just afraid to say it.

Elena: Yeah, but I don't want to lose him.

Miranda: You're not gonna lose him, honey. You're setting him free.

Matt's Pickup Truck




Elena: What's going on?

Matt: It's the only way I was gonna get you in this truck.

Elena: The tea. You drugged me?

Matt: I'm sorry, Elena, but you're right, okay. You don't have any parents to tell you what's right or wrong, you've got me and Jeremy and a bunch of vampires fighting a war you shouldn't be in the middle of.

Elena: What the hell is going on, Matt?

Matt: I'm getting you out of town, Elena. It's the only way to keep you safe.

Storage Units




Rebekah: Damon! Damon, where are you?




Rebekah: Damon, this isn't funny.




Damon: Rebekah. Shhhh.




Rebekah: No!

Damon: No, don't!

Rebekah: No! No! No!




Alaric: Next.

Damon: Rebekah, run. Run!




Stefan: Damon.

Damon: Bad news, brother. Alaric staked Klaus. He's dead.

Stefan: I feel okay, do you feel anything?

Damon: No.

Stefan: It took Sage about an hour before she got sick.

Damon: Yeah or Klaus was lying about being the sire of our bloodline.

Stefan: Well, if he wasn't lying, an hour is not enough time to get you all the way back to Mystic Falls.

Damon: For us to have our epic goodbye, Stefan?

Stefan: Not us, brother. You and Elena.

Damon: Well, I guess you'll just have to say goodbye for both of us, won't you? Call me if you cough up a lung.




Woods




Jeremy: Stefan. Elena's not at home. Matt and I, we're getting her out of town.

Stefan: It's gonna be fine. Klaus was lying, we're all gonna be okay.




Elijah: What happened?




Caroline: Stefan?

Matt's Pickup Truck




Matt: Got it, Jer.




Elena: We have to go back. Listen to me, Matt, if Klaus is the one that turned their bloodline, then they're all gonna die. 
 We have to go back, Matt!

Matt: Elena.

Elena: What?!

Matt: Damon's not with them.

Elena: What?

Matt: He's a hundred miles out of town. I can keep driving to him or I can turn around and go back to Stefan. It's your choice.

Storage Units




Damon: Let me guess. Calling to see if the Grim Reaper's paid a visit?

Elena: How are you feeling? Are there any symptoms?

Damon: Not yet. But I'm sure we'll have a laugh when we find out that Klaus is a big, fat liar.

Elena: Yeah, I'm – I'm sure we will.

Damon: Hey, where are you?

Elena: Matt's taking me home.

Damon: To Stefan.

Elena: Not just to Stefan, Damon. To Tyler, to Caroline.

Damon: Ah, I know, I get it. So, since I'm possibly a dead man, can I ask you a question?

Elena: Yeah, of course.

Damon: If it was just down to him and me and you had to make a choice who got the goodbye, who would it be?




Elena: I love him, Damon. He came into my life at a time when I needed someone and I fell for him instantly. No matter what I feel for you, I – I never unfell for him.

Damon: Yeah, I get it. Stefan, it's always gonna be Stefan.

Elena: I can't think about always. All I can think about is right now. And I care about you, Damon, which is why I have to let you go. I mean, maybe if you and I had met first.

Damon: Yeah, maybe.

Elena: 
 You're gonna be fine. You hear me. You're gonna be okay and I'm gonna see you soon.




Damon: Real soon. Goodbye, Elena.




Damon: I see you're still pissed. I take it Goldilocks gave you the slip.




Old Lockwood Cellar




Caroline: Tyler! Tyler!




Caroline: Oh my God.




Tyler: Caroline?

Caroline: Tyler! Oh my God.




Tyler: Hey. Sorry, I was just with Bonnie.




Tyler: What happened?

Caroline: Klaus died. He's dead.

Tyler: You're going to be fine, Caroline.

Caroline: No, it's not me that I'm worried about.

Tyler: There's no point. I'm a lost cause, but you're strong and you have a beautiful future ahead of you. And when you make it through this, just tell my mother I left town like I was supposed to, okay?




Tyler: Do you feel anything?

Caroline: No, I feel fine.

Tyler: I need you to get out of here. I don't want you to watch me die.

Caroline: No, I'm not leaving.




Caroline: I'm staying.

Tyler: No.

Caroline: Yes!

Tyler: You run. Or I'll make you run.

Caroline: I'm not leaving.




Tyler: Go!




Matt's Pickup Truck




Elena: You too, Care.




Matt: What now?




Elena: It's Tyler, he um...he's...

Matt: Damn it!




Matt: Damn it, damn it, damn it!

Elena: Matt, Matt! No. Stop it.

Matt: This isn't how our lives were supposed to be, Elena.

Woods




Rebekah: He's gone, Elijah. There was nothing I could do to stop it.




Elijah: Tyler Lockwood is dead, but the rest survived. You said that Niklaus turned their bloodline.

Rebekah: I thought he did.

Elijah: It wasn't me, it wasn't Kol.

Rebekah: It wasn't me, Elijah. It was Niklaus, I'm sure of it.

Elijah: Then how are they still alive?

Old Lockwood Cellar




Bonnie: I know you're here.




Tyler/Klaus: I must say you really did that spell brilliantly. I didn't think you had it in you.

Bonnie: I did it to save my friends and my mother, Klaus. Not you.

Tyler/Klaus: The spirits won't be happy with you.

Bonnie: The spirits don't get to tell me what to do anymore. I'm done getting pushed around by all of you. I did it because I wanted to.

Woods




Stefan: Hello?

Rebekah: You're alive. Congratulations.

Stefan: Rebekah.

Rebekah: Elijah spoke to Elena. Her and Matt should be arriving back in town any minute.

Stefan: Yeah, he told me that. He also said you two would be long gone out of town by now.

Rebekah: That's the problem. Elijah says we have to run, that the hunter will keep coming after us, but I don't want to run anymore, Stefan. I spent my whole life running.

Stefan: What are you talking about? We had a deal.

Rebekah: I'm sorry, but Klaus is dead. There is no deal. If my brothers and I are going to survive, we need to get rid of Alaric and the only way to get rid of Alaric...

Stefan: Rebekah, no.

Matt's Pickup Truck




Elena: I need to call Stefan, but my phone is dying.




Matt: Here. Use mine.




Elena: Thanks. 
 Matt, look out!




Wickery Bridge (Past)




Elena: Dad?! Dad!

Grayson: We're gonna be okay. I promise.

Elena: Dad!




Storage Units




Alaric: You're not gonna fight back?

Damon: You're kind of invincible, Ric.

Alaric: Don't call me that.




Alaric: We're not friends.

Damon: We were.

Alaric: Well, our friendship was part of the problem. It's what kept me weak. It's also why it took so long for the real me to break through and now I'm gonna break you.




Woods (Past)




Elena: I know Bonnie, you're right. You and my mom both are. I just can't bring myself to tell him. At least not tonight. I'll call you later.




Damon: Katherine.

Elena: No – um – I 
 I'm Elena.

Damon: Oh, you – you just look...I'm sorry, you just really remind me of someone. I'm Damon.

Elena: Not to be rude or anything, Damon, but it's kind of creepy that you're out here in the middle of nowhere.

Damon: You're one to talk. You're out here all by yourself.

Elena: It's Mystic Falls. Nothing bad ever happens here.




Elena: Got into a fight with my boyfriend.

Damon: About what? May I ask.

Elena: Life, future, he's got it all mapped out.

Damon: And you don't want it?

Elena: I don't know what I want.

Damon: Well, that's not true. You want what everybody wants.

Elena: What, mysterious stranger who has all the answers?

Damon: Hm, well, let's just say I've been around a long time. I've learned a few things.

Elena: So, Damon, tell me. What is it that I want?




Damon: You want a love that consumes you. You want passion, an adventure, and even a little danger.

Elena: So, what do you want?




Elena: It's my parents.




Damon: I want you to get everything that you're looking for, but right now I want you to forget that this happened. Can't have people knowing that I'm in town yet. Goodnight, Elena.




Storage Units




Damon: Is that all you got?

Alaric: Not quite.




Wickery Bridge




Wickery Bridge (Past)




Wickery Bridge




Wickery Bridge (Past)




Wickery Bridge




Wickery Bridge (Past)




Wickery Bridge




Storage Units




Alaric: What's happening?

Damon: Oh no.

Alaric: What's happening?!




Damon: No. No, no, no, no. Ric, Ric! You are not dead. You are not dead.




Gilbert Residence




Jeremy: Matt, man, where are you guys? You should have been back by now.




Alaric: Jeremy.




Jeremy: Haven't you done enough? And how'd you even get in here?

Alaric: I don't know. I just wanted to say goodbye and it kind of happened.

Jeremy: Ric?

Alaric: I just wanted you to know that I'll always be here to look after you, Jeremy. That you'll never be alone, okay? I promise.

Jeremy: I don't understand.




Jeremy: Oh my God, you're a ghost. But if you're dead, that means Elena...

Mystic Falls Hospital




Damon: Where is she?




Meredith: No, Damon, wait.

Damon: Where is she!?




Meredith: You need to know, when Jeremy brought Elena in here earlier tonight, her injuries were worse than I let on. It wasn't a concussion, it was a cerebral hemorrhage, bleeding of the brain.

Damon: What are you saying?

Meredith: He was so worried, I didn't want to tell him, but I – I helped her. She needed my help.

Damon: You what?




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
