Kai: (voice over) Josette. Where are they?
Kai: (voice over) Oh, Jo. Come on out, Jo. I know you can hear me.
Kai: (voice over) Josette? Where are they, Jo?
Jo: (whispering) Hey. Everything's gonna be OK, all right? Everybody's just playing a game. You guys want to play a game? You want to play hide-and-seek? Shh. OK.
Kai: Come on out, Jo. You know I won't kill you.
Kai: Wakey, wakey.
Kai: Ohh.
Bonnie: How did I...
Kai: Get so lucky to arrive here on a private flight piloted by yours truly? Oh, you would have been super-impressed with my flying skills, but I'd already knocked you out with painkillers.
Bonnie: Where are we?
Kai: Portland, Oregon, stomping grounds of Courtney Love, Tonya Harding, and tons of other awesome people.
Bonnie: You could have brought me anywhere in the world, and you took me to Portland?
Kai: This is where I grew up.
Bonnie: Ow!
Kai: I've been counting eclipses since I was imprisoned on this empty planet, and according to my running tally, I've been here for 6,771 supernaturally repeating days, so in the real world, which we'll never get back to because you sent your magic away in a Teddy bear, today's my favorite day of the year.
Bonnie: And what day is that?
Kai: Thanksgiving. I'm cooking you dinner.
Elena: I'm a vampire.
Caroline: I don't know. Maybe a little less emphasis on vampire.
Elena: I'm... a vampire. I mean, there's only so many ways you can say it.
Caroline: Well, maybe Liam will stop digging into Lady Whitmore's miraculous recovery, and you won't have to come clean.
Elena: Or he'll keep digging, realize that I force-fed her my vampire blood, and then just bail.
Caroline: OK. You know all of this can go away with one fell mind wipe.
Elena: So lie, and lie – again, and again, and again.
Caroline: OK. If you want to tell him the truth, I support you 100%, but if you're rushing into this to escape some conflicted feelings over a certain ex who just came back into your life, then I suggest you keep your fangs to yourself.
Elena: Jo.
Jo: Hi.
Elena: Where's Alaric?
Jo: Don't kill the messenger. Something about an impromptu guys' weekend.
Elena: You can't miss Friends-giving. I mean, Matt and Jeremy are already cleaning up the whole Tripp mess, and Caroline's mom has to work. We're already low on friends as it is.
Alaric: Well, if it's any consolation, our Thanksgiving was roadside chili.
Stefan: Hey. Were you invited to Friends-giving?
Damon: Of course. Caroline demanded I bring string beans.
Stefan: Huh.
Damon: Why? Were you not invited?
Stefan: Nope.
Damon: Ooh, boy. You messed with the wrong girl's feelings. Heh heh.
Elena: What do you mean Bonnie's in the prison world? Damon said that she wasn't there, that she found peace with... Why didn't he tell me this?
Damon: Why wouldn't I consult you in a decision that might permanently change your life? Hmm. I wonder.
Alaric: He didn't want to get your hopes up. He honestly thought Bonnie died trying to free him. If she sent her Teddy bear over, it could mean she's still...
Elena: Bonnie's still alive? Oh, my God!
Alaric: Yeah. So we're in Portland right now, trying to track down some Gemini thing.
Damon: Ascendant.
Elena: This is amazing.
Stefan: Alaric, you might want to keep the news to yourself. I tracked this lead months ago. It was a dead end.
Alaric: Stefan sends his love.
Elena: Wait. What...
Caroline: Bonnie's alive?
Alaric: Is that the reason Caroline assigned me the turkey and the Cranberries. Stefan wasn't invited.
Damon: See what you did? Now we're pulling your weight. I really hope you figure this out before Christmas.
Stefan: Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're both finding amusement in this.
Damon: Why don't you just date her, put us all out of our misery?
Stefan: Because I don't think about her that way. She's my friend.
Damon: Who would make a great girlfriend. Look. One, she's hot – objectively.
Alaric: Two, she puts up with you.
Damon: Big plus. Three, very, very well organized.
Stefan: Organizational skills?
Damon: There are no drawbacks to this woman, Stefan.
Alaric: (to Damon) Eh, she did sleep with you.
Damon: See? Another plus.
Stefan: Oh! Look. We're here. Behold the Gemini Coven exactly how it looked 4 months ago.
Kai: Ah. Memories.
Kai: Pitter-patter of little siblings' feet, witchy-woo, chanting in the air, mom and dad calling me an abomination.
Bonnie: Why did you want to come back here?
Kai: Because I can finally show it to someone. My coven goes out of their way to make sure no one finds us, but since they're not here to be paranoid freak shows, mi casa es su casa. Come on.
Stefan: Like I said, uh, 3,000 miles ago, it's not here. Can we, uh, go home now, please?
Alaric: You know what? Check the GPS again. Just because we don't see anything doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Damon: Not unlike Caroline's feelings for Stefan.
Stefan: Hilarious. Keep them coming.
Damon: Oh, no. Is Stefan feeling sensitive about ruining his friendship with Caroline? She really liked him, and he broke her heart.
Alaric: See, Stefan? Even the bear knew.
Damon: (Ms. Cuddles voice) I saw that from a mile away, and my brain's made of cotton.
Stefan: Give me this.
Damon: Ms. Cuddles, one – invisible creepy mansion, zero.
Liv: Where do you want the stuffing?
Tyler: Well, hello to you, too.
Jo: I'll take that. Hi. I'm Jo. You look... have we met before?
Liv: Liv, and no, but you're dating my Occult Studies professor, which I guess somehow earned you an invite for Thanksgiving dinner.
Jo: Nice to meet you, too.
Tyler: Where's Luke?
Liv: He's outside testing a new filter on his phone. He's making me this stupid retrospective video for our birthday. Twenty-two. Go us.
Elena: Liam, hey. You're here.
Liam: Bearing the white wine of surrender. I owe you an apology. I checked Lady Whitmore's medical records again, and everything was normal, which I would have known if I had double-checked them before making accusations that were unfounded, baseless, dickish. Is that enough adjectives?
Elena: (smiling) Getting there.
Jo: (to the wine) Am I glad to see you. (to Liam) You, too, Liam.
Elena: (to Liam) Come on.
Elena: Would you mind?
Liam: Yeah.
Elena: Thanks.
Elena: Hey. Um, did you...
Jo: Risk my career switching Lady Whitmore's medical chart? I'm glad it worked.
Elena: Yeah. Thank you.
Stefan: Anybody want to take a stab at how Bonnie's Teddy bear undid whatever was cloaking this place?
Damon: He said without laughing.
Alaric: Jo told me she got rid of her magic by putting it away for safekeeping. Maybe Bonnie put her magic away in this.
Stefan: Why would Bonnie put her magic in Ms. Cuddles?
Damon: To keep Kai from using her to get out.
Alaric: Can't say I miss that.
Damon: It's all yours, brother.
Kai: That smells great. Not exactly a turkey dinner, but it's what my family had in the fridge on May 10, 1994.
Kai: Don't touch that.
Bonnie: (laughing) Your pager? Why?
Kai: Because it's brand-new, looks cool, and I don't want you to bust it.
Bonnie: Listen, Kai. My magic's gone, which means we will be stuck here forever. Why don't we just divide the world in half and go our separate ways?
Kai: I get it. I knocked you out, kidnapped you against your will. Can't you see I'm trying to apologize?
Bonnie: I will never trust you or like you or enjoy your company for so much as one second, so just quit trying. Just let me leave here unharmed.
Kai: Fine. Can we at least have one last dinner conversation before my eternity of aloneness resumes?
Bonnie: So you agree? One last dinner, and then we peacefully go our separate ways.
Kai: In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I'll even let you take my car.
Bonnie: How can I help?
Caroline: All right! If everyone could gather around the table at their assigned seats, then, um...
Luke: Oh. Sorry I'm late.
Caroline: (continuing) We will each share something that we are thankful for in 100 words or less, so...
Tyler: Do you want a drink? Once we sit, there's a good chance Caroline won't let anyone get up.
Liv: I'm not really in the mood.
Tyler: Did I do something to piss you off?
Liv: No, Tyler. You didn't.
Luke: Uh, anyone want to see some embarrassing baby videos of Liv?
Caroline: Oh. You know what? Now would actually be an excellent time just to shut down anything with an on-off button.
Caroline: (sarcastically) No. Please let the food get cold. Whatever that is is far more important.
children:
Woman: "Happy Birthday! Wave to me!"
Children: "Hi, Josie."
Woman: "How old are you?"
Children: "Four."
Woman: "How do you add that? You guys want to do some numbers? OK. What's one plus one?"
Children: "Two!"
Woman: "Two plus two?"
Children: "Four!"
Woman: "Nice."
Jo: What are you watching?
Elena: That kind of sounds like your voice.
Jo: That is my voice. I took that video 18 years ago at a birthday party for the twins.
Liv: Oh, my God.
Jo: Lukas and Olivia?
Luke: Jo as in Josette?
Elena: Hang on. You guys know each other?
Jo: I'm their sister.
Alaric: Jo lived here. There's a drawer inside full of stuff, newspaper articles about Jo's medical clamp, pictures of her as a kid, pictures of her as a teenager.
Damon: Hold, please. Rewind. That's Kai from planet 1994.
Stefan: Wait. Jo is his sister?
Damon: Either that, or they both have a thing for Cosby sweaters.
Joshua: I didn't know I had guests. You've met Kai?
Damon: Met him? Watched him die, watched him come back to life. Why? You know him?
Joshua: Yeah. He's my son. I'm Joshua Parker.
Damon: Damon Salvatore.
Joshua: Invisique.
Stefan: What the hell just happened?
Alaric: I don't know.
Damon: What's wrong with you guys?
Joshua: They can't see you anymore, Damon, which means they also can't see this.
Damon: Ohh! No!
Caroline: So if you don't know each other, then how did you all just happen to end up at the same tiny liberal arts school?
Jo: We had a family friend here... Sheila Bennett.
Elena: You knew Bonnie's grams?
Jo: She took me under her wing. She also helped my family put Kai away.
Elena: Kai? Wh... Kai as in Damon's Kai?
Jo: As in our brother, my twin.
Caroline: There are two sets of twins in your family?
Luke: Yeah, there were until my coven put Kai in a prison world.
Liv: Now there's just Luke and me.
Liam: I'm sorry. Did you say coven?
Elena: Oh, my God. Liam... (looks significantly at Liv and Luke) Is still here.
Tyler: I think he meant "oven".
Elena: Yeah.
Caroline: Oh, look! We don't have a wine opener on the table. (compelling) Liam, you have a wine opener in your room. Why don't you get it? Take your time.
Caroline: As you were saying, you put Kai away?
Jo: Kai killed 4 of our bothers and sisters to make a point, but he was really targeting Lukas and Olivia.
Tyler: Why them?
Jo: Because in our coven, twins are in line to be leaders.
Liv: Hence our lame-ass name... Gemini.
Jo: Kai wanted to be the leader, but that wasn't possible if Lukas and Olivia were alive.
Jo: (voiceover) So I protected them with magic.
Jo: (voiceover) Which just pissed him off more.
Kai: Where are they?
Jo: (voiceover) My brother was born without his own magic. He can only draw it from others. It made him feel like a freak. My parents saw him acting out, isolating himself, and they realized that he'd never be capable of leading our coven, so they kept having children until another set of twins were born.
Jo: (voiceover) Kai figured it out, and he snapped.
Kai: Where are they?!
Jo: Run!
Joshua: Just need some information. Not looking to make enemies.
Damon: Funny way of showing it, buddy.
Joshua: You were trapped with Kai. I need to know how you got out.
Damon: Ohh. Strangest months of my life. That whole repeating the same day thing, phew, disconcerting.
Joshua: Is Kai still there?
Damon: Yeah he is, with my friend Bonnie, which leads me to why I'm here.
Joshua: Does Kai know how to escape?
Damon: Look. I'll tell you everything you want to know, but first, I need something from you. It's round, about yea big, a bunch of little gears and wheels and things. It's a lot harder to describe than I thought.
Joshua: The Ascendant.
Damon: Yeah. You know it. Where is it?
Joshua: Why would I give you the key to my son's prison?
Damon: Because I'll say please?
Joshua: Do you have any idea what it feels like to come home and find 4 of your children dead, another one impaled, two running for their lives? Do you think that image has ever left my mind?
Liv: He was a psychopath, so they sent him away. Kai went to his prison, Jo dodged a bullet, and now the leadership falls on us.
Caroline: OK. Well, now that we've all gotten to know each other a little bit better, could someone please pass the dinner rolls?
Liv: Sorry that my family drama isn't appropriate dinner conversation, Caroline.
Caroline: That's not what I meant. It's—
Tyler: Liv—
Liv: Just... Leave me alone.
Elena: OK. I think I may have missed something. If you and Liv can both be the leaders of your coven, why did she just get so upset?
Luke: Because there aren't two leaders, are there, Jo?
Jo: In our coven's tradition, after their 22nd birthday, the twins merge their strength. The stronger one wins, absorbing their twin's power, and the weaker of the two...
Tyler: The weaker of the two what?
Luke: The weaker one dies.
Tyler: Caroline's out looking for you. She wanted to apologize. 
Liv: What? That my coven requires my brother and me to merge when we turn 22? Because that's not totally screwed up.
Tyler: You're talking to a guy with a gene that turns him into a wolf. Look. If you don't want to merge, then don't. Your coven doesn't control you.
Liv: My coven needs a leader. You don't understand that because you're not one of us. You're not even supposed to be in my life.
Tyler: Let me help you.
Liv: You can't help me. Why do you think I'm trying to get rid of you? When I look at you... I feel everything I don't get to have. I either die in the merge, or I get to live with the fact that I killed my own brother. So tell me, Tyler, how can you help with that?
Damon: So when you say merge, you don't actually mean merge, do you?
Joshua: That's exactly what I mean. If Kai gets out, he'll head straight for Jo. His ability to siphon magic will overwhelm Jo, and she will die, and our coven will be left to the whims of a madman.
Damon: Which is now moot thanks to Blond and Blonder, thank goodness. Look. Let's talk about this Ascendant.
Joshua: I won't let him out, Damon.
Damon: All right. I wasn't gonna say anything because you're his dad and all, but if he gets out, I'll just kill him. It's that simple.
Joshua: I've watched Jo her whole life. She's done well on her own, survived war, become a doctor, but if Jo merges with Kai, she will cease to exist. Kai won't just be our coven's problem. He'll be everyone's problem.
Alaric: I think I met your dad.
Jo: Well, that's improbable considering he lives in Portland.
Alaric: Believe it or not, I'm actually in Portland.
Jo: Ric, you need to tell me what's going on right now.
Elena: Damon's gone, as in into thin air?
Stefan: Oop. Careful. You just sounded genuinely concerned for my brother.
Elena: I don't have feelings for him anymore. That doesn't mean I want him to blink out of existence.
Stefan: He didn't. It's some sort of cloaking spell. Alaric's on the phone with Jo trying to figure out how to break it.
Elena: And to think we could have all been sitting around stuffed, playing board games.
Stefan: So just to be clear, Jo was invited to Friends-giving, but I wasn't.
Elena: Friend code states that in matters such as yours and Caroline's I must, with no exception, take the side of my best friend.
Stefan: Huh.
Elena: Can you two just kiss and make up? It's getting weird.
Stefan: You're just mad because no one knew how to carve the turkey.
Elena: (to Stefan) How did you know that you could trust me?
Stefan: Trust you with what?
Elena: When you were honest with me about what you were. How did you know that you could trust me with such a huge secret?
Stefan: That's easy. I was in love with you. I wanted you to know everything. 
Jo: Ric, listen to me. If my dad knows that you want to open Kai's world, he'll think you're going to free him. He's going to retaliate.
Joshua: Phesmatos incendere ad pulvox.
Damon: What the hell are you doing?
Jo: And I hate to break it to you, Ric, but you traveled 3,000 miles for nothing. The Ascendant's with me.
Alaric: You got to be kidding me, right?
Elena: Jo? Are you OK?
Jo: Something's wrong.
Alaric: Jo?
Elena: Jo, what's wrong?
Jo: I think my dad...
Elena: Jo, what the hell is going on?
Jo: My dad's trying to kill me.
Liam: What the hell is she talking about? Her dad's trying to kill her?
Alaric: (voiceover) Jo, Jo, answer the phone.
Elena: Ric?
Alaric: Elena, what the hell's going on?
Elena: Something's happening to Jo. You have to find her dad and stop him from whatever he's doing to her.
Stefan: Well, that's gonna be problem because even if we could see the house I haven't been invited in.
Elena: Invite him in.
Jo: You can come in!
Alaric: But we can't even see the damn house.
Jo: They need magic!
Jo: Crap.
Liam: Elena, we have to do something. Definite signs of hemoptysis.
Jo: Shut up, Liam. (to Elena) Ask them if they see an old tree stump in the front yard?
Stefan: Yeah, I see it.
Jo: Go there now!
Kai: Mmm. Mmm.
Bonnie: Really? You've been eating that same piece for 45 minutes.
Kai: Is it a crime to want to savor our last meal together?
Bonnie: I had Thanksgiving dinner with you. Now you keep up your end of the deal and give me your car keys.
Kai: I should probably teach you how the clutch works. It's finicky.
Bonnie: Quit stalling and give me your keys.
Kai: Fine. I'm stalling. Mmm. But don't you want to hear how my story ends?
Bonnie: I've read the newspaper. You murdered your siblings, and your coven sent you to live in this prison world.
Kai: My family sent me to this prison world. My father, the great coven leader... he treated me like crap for 22 years and then locked me here. It's like his... like his kids didn't even matter. Coven always came first no matter what.
Joshua: If Kai has access to an Ascendant and is sharing his prison with the Bennett witch, he will eventually find his way out. At least, this will keep him from merging.
Damon: You're just gonna take out Jo?
Joshua: The coven comes before family.
Stefan: What the hell are we gonna do with a knife?
Alaric: Maybe it's Jo's version of Ms. Cuddles.
Alaric: Nice shot.
Joshua: Invisique.
Stefan: Well, I guess the, uh, disappearing act's their shtick.
Damon: Yeah. Hey. Anybody hear from Jo?
Liam: You need to tell me what's going on.
Elena: You have to get more ice.
Liam: I'm not an idiot, Elena. I know you're lying to me, so whatever it is, just tell me, please.
Elena: She's crashing!
Liam: Dr. Laughlin, look at me.
Elena: Jo, can you hear me? Jo!
Liam: Come on, Dr. Laughlin. Please wake up. (to Elena) Check for dilation.
Liam: Holy crap. What the... what happened to her?
Elena: I don't know.
Liam: Call 9-1-1. I'll start CPR.
Liam: Call 9-1-1, Elena. We need help. She's about to die.
Elena: Liam... Liam, there's not enough time.
Liam: What are you doing?
Liam: Elena, your face.
Elena: It's OK. My blood will heal her.
Elena: Jo?
Jo: I'm OK.
Elena: I'll get you some water.
Liam: Elena. Elena, stop! How did you do that? How did you do that?!
Elena: I'm a vampire.
Liam: You're what?
Elena: It doesn't matter, because as much as I like you, my life is complicated enough. (compelling) So you're not gonna remember anything from tonight or about Lady Whitmore or the fact that we even dated at all. You're gonna go home, get some rest, and I'll see you at work on Monday.
Liam: I'll see you Monday, Elena.
Kai: Olivia, Lukas?
Kai: Olivia? Lukas? Come out, come out, wherever you are.
Jo: Stop! I'll do it. I'll merge with you. Just don't hurt anyone else.
Bonnie: So Jo agreed to the merge?
Kai: Well, we needed a celestial event, so the plan was to use the power of the eclipse happening the next day. She even gathered our coven to help.
Jo: The power of the eclipse will merge us as one. You know what to say?
Kai: Been practicing my whole life.
Kai: (in unison) Sanguinem desimilus... Sanguinem generis fiantus.
Kai: I don't feel anything.
Kai: (alone) Sanguinem desimilus... Sanguinem generis fiantus.
Kai: Josette, what did you do? Why can't I feel your magic? And why aren't they saying anything? They should be saying something. They should be saying something, right? We're merging. This should all be a bigger deal.
Joshua: Sanguinem filio, sanguinem effurgarex perpetuum. Sanguinem filio, sanguinem effurgarex perpetuum.
Kai: Aah! Aah!
Joshua: Phesmatos filio, phesmatos effurgarex perpetuum.
Kai: They tricked me good. Instead of using the power of the eclipse for the merge, my dad used it to send me here, and where'd Jo's magic go? You know, it made zero sense. Magic doesn't just, like, disappear, but then you made yours disappear when you hid it in Ms. Cuddles, and it hit me. My sneaky little twin sister hid her magic...
Kai: In this. Hmm.
Bonnie: Still there.
Kai: Still here and still full of magic.
Kai: Well, it was. I just sucked it out.
Bonnie: You have magic again. Good for you.
Kai: I also have the Ascendant.
Bonnie: Doesn't matter. You need a Bennett witch to do the spell.
Kai: About that. I've watched you do the spell twice now. I don't think I need a Bennett witch to do the spell. I think all I actually need is Bennett blood.
Damon: All right. So let's just get this straight. We went to the airport, we took off all our clothes for security just so I can come out here, have my brain scrambled by papa Kai, who by the way can disappear into thin air... Poof... only to find Jo's rusty knife full of magic.
Stefan: And we learned that the Ascendant, i.e. the only reason we flew our asses out here in the first place, is actually with Jo at Whitmore, 5 minutes from where we started. Great.
Alaric: Jo said she kept it with her to ensure that Kai would never be released.
Damon: Genius. Great. Then we go home. Shotgun. Come on.
Alaric: Guys, hey. We can't do this, OK? We need to find another way, and one that doesn't end up with my girlfriend dead.
Damon: Girlfriend? You've been on, like, 3 dates.
Stefan: Nice, Damon.
Damon: What? I'm just saying he barely knows her, and her literal evil twin is over there with Bonnie right now.
Alaric: Guys, I will do what I can to help, but we're not letting her brother out, all right? The Ascendant is off the table.
Damon: OK. Get the Ascendant from Jo. Do whatever you got to do to get it, you understand?
Alaric: I understand.
Stefan: What are you doing?
Damon: What? You got a better idea?
Tyler: Good morning.
Liv: Where am I?
Tyler: You passed out, so I brought you home.
Liv: You kidnapped me? Romantic.
Tyler: I am protecting you, Liv. I'm not letting you sacrifice yourself because your coven needs a leader.
Liv: They'll come after me.
Tyler: Let them. Magic doesn't work in Mystic Falls, so if your coven wants to find you, they'll have to do it the old-fashioned way. They'll have to go through me.
Liv: I'm sorry I ruined Thanksgiving.
Tyler: You'll make up for it next year. We'll find another way, Liv. I'm not going to let you die.
Stefan: Hey.
Caroline: Hey. You're here. That's good. That actually saves me a trip. Needless to say, there were leftovers.
Stefan: You made me a doggie bag.
Caroline: (laughing) Just because I hate you doesn't mean I want you to starve to death. Besides, Bonnie's alive. You know, this is, like, the first Thanksgiving in forever where there's something to actually be thankful for, so...
Stefan: Caroline, um, look. When Damon was gone, I, um... I pushed you away.
Caroline: Yeah, I know, Stefan. You pushed everyone away. It's kind of what you do.
Stefan: But I pushed you away the most. I knew that you were the one person who would sit with me and let me cry, and I didn't want to cry anymore, so I had to push you away the most.
Caroline: Thank you for saying that.
Stefan: Listen—
Caroline: Enjoy the leftovers.
Elena: You should have brought me with you. Well, first, you should have told me that Bonnie was alive, and then you should have brought me with you.
Damon: Well, Ric had more frequent flyer miles, and Ric didn't deliberately forget our entire relationship.
Elena: Yeah. I deserve that.
Damon: Mm-hmm.
Elena: So you and Bonnie spent the last 4 months together?
Damon: Yeah.
Elena: What did you do?
Damon: Bicker, mostly. Cooked, ate. We went through a Tetris phase, but I beat it, and she got mad. (Elena laughs) We talked. A lot. Apparently there are a lot of words in the English language, and Bonnie knows just about all of them.
Elena: Yep. I know this is gonna sound pretty strange, but I'm really happy that the two of you had each other.
Damon: She sacrificed herself so I could come back. Hmm. Wow. Because when she wasn't talking, she was listening. She listened for hours and hours and hours, so when the opportunity presented itself for me to come back, she made sure I took it.
Elena: What did you talk about?
Damon: What do you think?
Elena: I broke up with Liam.
Damon: Dr. Future-Humanitarian-Award wasn't good enough? What went wrong?
Elena: What do you think? Look. I'm at a crossroads right now, where I could go live my life the way I think I probably should and be successful and safe and probably very happy, or I could risk all that for this tiny glimmer of a feeling inside that I just can't shake.
Damon: Well, Robert Frost, what's it gonna be?
Elena: I don't know... But I do know someone who could give me some pretty sound advice.
Elena: Any chance you'd be willing to help me bring my best friend Bonnie back? So, I could ask her?
Damon: Sure.
Bonnie: What?
Bonnie: "I lied"?
Bonnie: There's no car. The bastard took the car.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.