Forbes: Carol Lockwood always said that togetherness in times of tragedy leads to healing, that one community is stronger than a thousand of its members. But how does a community stay strong after losing its leader? And Carol was so much more than a leader; she was an open-minded friend and a concerned mother, taken from us too soon by a terrible accident.
Tyler: Screw this.
Caroline: What? Tyler? Tyler?
Forbes: Please join me in observing a minute silence in her memory.
Bonnie: Are you okay?
Elena: Be right back.
Forbes: Thank you so much. In the wake of this tragedy, the town has selected an interim mayor. Many of you may already know him. Please welcome Mr. Rudy Hopkins.
Rudy: Thank you so much, Sheriff. Carol Lockwood put this town first. That's why I'm here to talk to you guys. You folks are the future of Mystic Falls...
Elena: April, what's wrong?
April: Nothing. I'm fine.
Elena: But you're crying?
April: It's just the whole mayor thing, you know. It's bringing stuff up about my dad.
April: And I know you're a vampire.
Elena: Wait, what?
April: Was that necessary?
Rebekah: No, but it was fun.
Caroline: Hey, you just missed the mandatory school assembly.
Stefan: Well, that's because I'm at a mandatory all-day drinking party.
Caroline: Seriously? You decided to go on a ripper bender now?
Stefan: My brother slept with Elena. It kinda puts a damper on things.
Caroline: First of all, you weren't supposed to know that, and second of all, Tyler is already spiraling, and he gets top priority.
Stefan: His mother just died. What do you expect?
Caroline: I'm his girlfriend. I expect him to talk to me. Instead, he's all angry, and it doesn't help that everyone keeps referring to his mother's death as an accident, which is just a really polite way of saying she was drunk.
Stefan: You think Klaus killed her?
Caroline: Hmm, I don't think she drowned in her martini glass. Just, get it together. I can't do it alone.
April: The assembly is over.
Elena: What the hell is going on?
April: The school will be empty soon...How many times did you compel me?
April: Don't...don't lie. Rebekah says you lie.
Elena: Rebekah isn't who you think she is, April.
April: What? She's not a thousand-year-old Original vampire?
Elena: Listen, we can figure this out, but we have to get out of here.
Rebekah: Sorry, not allowed.
Rebekah: Why don't you take a seat? The rest of the class will be here shortly.
Elena: "Hey, it's me. Look, I know why you sent me away. You think what I'm feeling for you is because of the sire bond. But I hate not being near you. And I"-
Jeremy: 
Matt: I drove up here to be your wingman, not kick your ass.
Matt: Okay I get it, I get it. You're a badass.
Jeremy: Did you see that?
Damon: You couldn't miss it. It was in slow motion.
Jeremy: Then teach me something useful. We've been here for days, and so far, all you've done is bark orders.
Damon: Okay.
Damon: Take a seat at the bench, quarterback. Kid wants a shot at the title.
Matt: Jeremy, you're not ready for this.
Damon: Now, all I have to do is apply a little pressure on your jaw.
Damon: Really? Again?
girl: Double pepperoni, three days in a row. You guys eat anything else?
Damon: Why? Are you offering?
Damon: That's something extra to cut off the pizza pipeline for a couple a days. No matter how much they beg, don't come back.
girl: Sorry, guys.
Jeremy: What? You're going to starve us now?
Damon: If that's what it takes to make you into a hunter. Now, run around the lake...twice.
Damon: Keep him company.
Matt: I don't have to listen to you.
Damon: You do if you want to eat.
Elena: -"being near you, and I miss you, Damon. I wish you would just let me come to you."
Stefan: What?
Rebekah: Guess who? I'm back, dagger-free, and I'm holding Elena hostage at the high school. Just thought you should know.
Stefan: Who the hell was dumb enough to pull that dagger out of you?
Rebekah: I'll be asking the questions today. See you soon.
Caroline: I'm only ready to talk to you if you're ready to rejoin civilization.
Stefan: How would you like to drive the white oak stake through Rebekah's heart?
Caroline: If it means that you're not drinking your way through the Mystic Grill, sure.
Forbes: So, first speech under your belt. Now for the fun part. Welcome to the world of careful cover-ups. 
Rudy: She did not go gently, did she? Any leads?
Forbes: We have ideas.
Rudy: Let me guess: sharp teeth and bad table manners?
Forbes: You sure you want this? I mean, six people were offered this job before you. They all said no for a reason.
Rudy: I'm saying 'yes' for a reason, and my reason just walked in.
Forbes: I'll let you know what we find.
Rudy: Thank you, Sheriff.
Bonnie: Hey, Sheriff.
Bonnie: Hey, dad.
Rudy: Hey.
Bonnie: So...Far cry from being a traveling pharmaceutical rep.
Rudy: I noticed a few of your friends missing from the assembly. So much for mandatory, I guess, huh?
Bonnie: Dad, stop. You can't come in here and start making rules.
Rudy: I think this town could use a few more rules.
Bonnie: You're forgetting I can help protect the town.
Rudy: I'm well-aware of your gifts, Bonnie. But don't forget I'm your father. That means I get to protect you.
Rebekah: Hello, Stefan.
Stefan: I'm here. What do you want?
Rebekah: The same thing I wanted when you helped Niklaus dagger me.
Stefan: The cure.
Rebekah: I hope you're not waiting for Caroline to show up and stake me...
Rebekah: ...because I already found her.
Elena: Stefan...
Rebekah: Did I say you could move?
Rebekah: Class is in session. You've all been compelled; you know the rules. Answer my questions honestly, no disobedience, no one leaves. April, my sweet, take notes. This is how you get answers in this town. Let's start with a little quiz. In the year 1114, my brother learnt, thanks to yours truly, about a brotherhood of vampire hunters with tattoos that grew with each kill. These tattoos revealed what, Elena?
Elena: A map.
Rebekah: Which led to...? Caroline?
Caroline: A cure for vampirism.
Rebekah: Perfect, so we're all caught up. Stefan Salvatore, the last time we saw each other, you had a vampire hunter, but in order to decode the map, you needed the location of the hunter's sword, which you got out of me using some very dirty tricks. Assuming you found the sword, you also found the cure, and yet, you're all still vampires, which means something went wrong.
Rebekah: What are you doing?
April: Oh, you asked me to take notes.
Rebekah: I wasn't being literal, darling. But now that you mention it...a flow chart would be nice, which means index cards and push-pins. Go, fetch.
Stefan: You're wasting your time. We don't know anything.
Rebekah: So, you just gave up? I thought you would do anything to save Elena? Even if it meant taking the cure yourself, so you could grow old and die with her?
Rebekah: Why do you look so surprised?
Rebekah: I'm missing something. What is it?
Caroline: They broke up, okay?
Caroline: Now let us go.
Rebekah: Broke up? Wait, I'm confused. I thought Elena was your epic love, Stefan?
Rebekah: I asked you what happened. You have to tell me.
Stefan: She slept with Damon.
Damon: Good. Now, do it like your life depends on it, 'cause it does.
Jeremy: Don't act like you care about my life. You care about the hunter's mark and curing Elena so she's not sired to your ass.
Damon: Both require you to be alive. Which is why I updated our relationship status to 'it's complicated.' Have you talked to her at all? Elena?
Jeremy: Maybe. Why? Running out of voicemails to listen to?
Klaus: I'm sorry. Did I interrupt play time?
Jeremy: What the hell are you doing here?
Klaus: I'm simply appreciating the sights and smells of nature, neither of which presently include rotting vampire flesh, so I'm a bit concerned. How many vampires has he killed?
Damon: If we throw Jeremy out into the real world right now, he's chum.
Klaus: Yeah, see, that's not a number. Twelve. That's a number. That's how many of my hybrids I slaughtered with my sword. Three. That's how many days it took to quell the urge to kill your brother after he knowingly watched as I walked into a death trap. One. That's the number of purposes you serve. You are here to grow Jeremy's mark, so I'll ask again...How many vampires has he killed since he's been here?
Damon: Zero.
Klaus: That's a pity. I'm going to need that cure sooner rather than later. Hybrid shortage and all. How can I help?
Damon: You know, now that you mention it...Jeremy, watch and learn.
Damon: That's for Carol Lockwood.
Rebekah: So, vampire Elena is a trollop who likes bad boys, which explains why Stefan reeks of alcohol. But what it doesn't explain is why sweet, loving, innocent Elena could be so heartless towards Stefan.
Rebekah: How could she hurt you like that? Answer, please.
Stefan: She didn't know it at the time, but she was sired to Damon.
Rebekah: A sire bond. That's fascinating. And what do you think about that, Elena?
Elena: I think you're sad and bored and in desperate need of a hobby.
Rebekah: You're hiding something. Fess up.
Elena: I didn't sleep with Damon because of the sire bond. I slept with Damon because I'm in love with him.
Caroline: What does any of this have to do with the stupid cure?
Rebekah: You're right. We got off the point. Stefan, how do I find the cure? Unless, you'd rather talk about Damon and Elena all day.
Stefan: There's a professor. He knows where the cure is.
Rebekah: Thank you. And, uh, where do I find this professor?
Bonnie: Okay, so now I'm "gifted"? He hates my witch heritage. That's why he travels all the time; he can't handle it. And then, suddenly, he wants to be a protective father? No, not like this. Come on, distract me. Isn't there some magic therapy-thing you haven't shown me yet?
Shane: Listen, Bonnie, I hate to tell you this-actually, you know what? I take that back. I'm proud to tell you this. You don't need my help anymore. In fact...
Shane: I was hoping to present this with a cupcake or something. Happy graduation.
Bonnie: It's beautiful.
Shane: It's human bone.
Bonnie: Oh.
Shane: Legend says it was worn by the 2000-year-old witch, Qetsiyah, who drew on it for strength. Bonnie, you have come so far so fast. You trust my opinion. Your magic is exactly where it needs to be.
Bonnie: Does this mean that I have to go home now?
Shane: It means I've got a stack of papers that I have to grade by tomorrow.
Bonnie: I can take a hint.
Bonnie: Thanks, Shane.
Bonnie: Oh, my god-Kol!
Bonnie: Shane!
Tyler: I told you, I don't wanna talk.
Rebekah: I heard, and you're keeping all that rage bottled up inside. Caroline's worried sick about you.
Tyler: Rebekah?
Rebekah: Hello, Tyler. I heard my brother made a real mess of your life. Believe me, I can relate. You have my condolences. In fact, why don't you come down to the high school so you can accept them in person?
Tyler: And why would I do that?
Rebekah: Because I have your girlfriend. Maybe you have a better shot saving her than you did your mother. Bye now!
Kol: Sister...Look at this! You're even worse than Klaus.
Rebekah: Kol, finally. Did you bring what I asked for?
Rebekah: You must be Shane.
Damon: If you're here for payback, go for it, 'cause you'll be stuck baby-sitting the little hunter that could.
Klaus: You know, if you adjust your angle a little bit, you'll find a sharper edge.
Damon: I know how to whittle, thanks. Now I know why those hybrids hated you. You are annoying.
Klaus: Actually, I'm just perplexed as to why Jeremy hasn't killed any vampires.
Damon: Darwinism, Klaus. He needs to be able to protect himself before we hunt down his first vampire nest.
Klaus: And here was I, thinking you were the fun brother! Let's play a little game, shall we? Jeremy needs more victims, and there's a whole town of people down the road, just waiting to be turned into vampires for the slaughter.
Damon: You don't think that occurred to me, Klaus?
Klaus: Tragedy is, Damon, it did occur to you, and yet you chose to ignore it. My guess is you did it to impress Elena. Somehow, to honor her, you will find a way to spare innocent lives and walk Jeremy down the moral high road.
Klaus: That's why I've already made the necessary corrections.
Damon: What did you do?
Matt: Don't tell me we ordered another pizza?
girl: No, I'm just an idiot. I ran out of gas, and my phone's dead. You think I could use yours?
Matt: Yeah, come in. I'll run upstairs and grab my cell.
girl: 
Jeremy: Hey, what are you doing here?
girl: Car drama. Your friend just went to go get his phone.
Jeremy: Well, I'm about to go take a shower, but you're more than welcome to wait inside.
girl: Thanks.
Shane: Kol and Rebekah Mikaelson...two members of the Original vampire family. This is such a trip.
Rebekah: Where's the cure?
Shane: Compulsion won't work. It's a little trick I picked up in Tibet.
Rebekah: Right. Well, we'll just have to do this the old-fashioned way.
Rebekah: Beat him until he tells you where to find it.
Rebekah: Still glued to your seats? Ahh, it's thick with tension in here. Let's spice things up a bit. Elena, truth or dare?
Stefan: We're done playing your stupid games, Rebekah.
Rebekah: Truth or dare, Elena. You're compelled. Answer.
Elena: Dare.
Rebekah: I dare you to tell Stefan the truth about Damon.
Caroline: Seriously?
Elena: Being with Damon makes me happy.
Rebekah: Makes you happy? Clowns make you happy, Elena. Dig a little deeper.
Elena: When I'm with him...it feels unpredictable, like...like I'm free.
Rebekah: And how do you feel when you're with Stefan?
Caroline: Stop.
Rebekah: She can't, she's compelled.
Elena: Lately, I feel like I'm a project, like I'm a problem that needs to be fixed. I think I make him sad, and I can't be with someone like that, because when he looks at me, all he sees is a broken toy.
Rebekah: Do you still love Stefan?
Elena: Yes.
Rebekah: Are you still in love with Stefan?
Elena: No.
Rebekah: Did that hurt? Having someone you love drive a dagger through your heart?
Stefan: Go to hell.
Rebekah: Did...that...hurt?
Stefan: Yes.
Rebekah: Welcome to the last 900 years of my life.
Rebekah: Ah, good, you're here. It was just getting depressing.
Tyler: What the hell is going on?
Rebekah: Listen to the rules carefully. Stay in the building, no vamp-running in the hallways.
Caroline: Vamp-running from what?
Rebekah: Turn.
Elena: What?
Caroline: He can't, he'll lose control!
Rebekah: That's the whole point. I've exhausted all your knowledge. Now I have the professor to help me find the cure, you're just competition. Whoever finds it first gets to decide what to do with it. Use it, share it, destroy it, save it. I want that to be me.
Tyler: But if I turn, I'll kill them.
Rebekah: Yes, you will. Turn.
Girl: Did you find your phone?
April: Bonnie? How did you know everyone was here?
Bonnie: Who's everyone? I came to find Shane.
April: Did you do a GPS magic locator spell or something?
April: Rebekah told me that you're a witch.
Bonnie: Rebekah? What the hell is going on?
April: Rebekah has Stefan, Elena, and Caroline compelled. She's getting them to actually tell the truth for a change.
April: What?
Bonnie: Shane can't be compelled. Okay? She'll happily torture him to find out what he knows.
April: What are you looking for?
Bonnie: I need salt.
April: I think I just saw some.
April: What are you doing?
Bonnie: If this pendant will connect me to Shane, then I can do a protection spell.
Kol: WHERE IS THE CURE?!
Kol: Where is the cure?
Rebekah: You're human. Why do you want it anyway?
Shane: That's the beauty of this. You can have it. I just want Silas.
Kol: No. What do you know about Silas?
Shane: He's the world's first immortal being, who just happens to be imprisoned with the cure...and I want to free him.
Kol: No!
Bonnie: April?
Bonnie: What's happening?
Rebekah: Stop!
Rebekah: He's of no use dead.
Kol: Did you not just hear what he said? Silas will kill us all, sister.
Rebekah: Silas does not exist. He is a-a fairytale made up to scare children into eating their vegetables.
Shane: Silas is very real. I know where he's buried, and soon I will have the spell that wakes him.
Kol: Wait a second, you're lying. You can't get to him.
Shane: Without his tombstone? Dozens to die in a blood sacrifice? Believe me, I know. I've done it. Those massacres are a pain to engineer.
Rebekah: You're the one who got the council blown up.
Shane: It was a noble sacrifice...and temporary, because once I raise Silas, Silas will raise the dead. He will bring back every last soul who died on his behalf.
Kol: No!
Bonnie: Oh, my god.
Tyler: Agh! I can fight this!
Tyler: 
Stefan: 
Elena: That door's not gonna hold him!
Kol: You should be thanking me.
Rebekah: You killed my only chance at finding the cure.
Kol: Silas on the loose would be hell on Earth. Frankly, sister, I don't think you could handle it.
Rebekah: How did you get that?
Kol: Way too easily.
Shane: Bonnie!
Bonnie: Help! Someone help!
Elena: Bonnie, what's going on?
Bonnie: She needs help.
Stefan: What happened?
Bonnie: I did a protection spell, but it accidentally linked Shane to April.
Elena: And you couldn't control it?
Bonnie: I didn't know I was doing it! Usually I feel pain or I bleed, but this time I just felt more power.
Stefan: It's okay, it's okay! You're okay, you're okay.
Stefan: Bonnie, get out of the school. Just be careful. Tyler's out there, and he turned.
Bonnie: What about you?
Elena: No, we can't leave. Rebekah's compelled us.
Stefan: Just go. We'll deal with her later. Come on.
Elena: Stefan...
Stefan: No.
Elena: Stefan, we have to talk about this. Please.
Stefan: Talk about what, huh? How many more ways are there for you to rip my heart out?
Elena: I'm sorry.
Stefan: You're sorry that it happened, or sorry that I found out?
Elena: I'm sorry about all of it! I'm really sorry, Stefan. I didn't mean to hurt you. I didn't want that.
Rebekah: Why are my least favorite people always the most durable?
Caroline: Tyler!
Tyler: I'm so sorry.
Caroline: What? No, it's not your fault.
Tyler: Yes, it was. This whole thing...it's all my fault.
Caroline: No...
Tyler: I should have saved her.
Stefan: Leave her out of this. This is between me and you.
Rebekah: You're still protecting her. Must I rip your bleeding heart from your chest and show you the scar tissue that is Elena Gilbert? 
Stefan: Do it.
Rebekah: Excuse me?
Stefan: Erase it all, every memory.
Elena: Stefan? No!
Stefan: I said do it.
Rebekah: No. That'd be far too easy. I refuse to make you forget her the way Klaus made you forget me. 
Elena: Stefan, wait.
Shane: Turns out I miscalculated. Kol's gonna be a problem.
Bonnie: I almost killed someone, and that's what you miscalculated? April could have died today!
Shane: And that's only because you didn't know the extent of your abilities.
Bonnie: My father just became mayor. I can't be out doing black magic.
Shane: That's not what Expression is!
Bonnie: Then what is it?
Shane: It's a way of doing magic that isn't monitored by nature or the spirits. It isn't good or bad, but it also has no limits. So how you use it is up to you. That's what I'm here for: to help you. Bonnie, listen to me. You are the key to everything. I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you.
Damon: Hope your day's going better than mine. Gotta say, I'm liking the odds.
Elena: Stefan knows about us.
Damon: Ooh...How'd he take it?
Elena: How do you think?
Damon: Well, I'm thinking, for the first time all week, I'm happy to be at camp nowhere.
Elena: How's Jeremy?
Damon: That depends on how much you trust me.
Elena: You know that I trust you.
Damon: Then I think he's going to get through this just fine.
Elena: Thanks for looking out for him.
Damon: Yeah, well, I told them, if they were good, I'd buy them both ice cream, so...Look, I gotta go.
Elena: Not yet. Something happened today. I realized something about you...about us. And you can say that it's the sire bond, and you know what, maybe-maybe, it is. But I'm telling you, it's the most real thing that I have ever felt in my entire life. I love you, Damon. I love you.
Damon: Look. I'm going to get this cure for you...and I'm going to have to do things you're not gonna like.
Elena: Damon-
Damon: Listen carefully. Get in your car, right now. Come to me.
Elena: I'll be there soon.
Stefan: Please, let yourself in.
Rebekah: You called me. Should I be checking for hidden daggers?
Stefan: You still wanna find the cure?
Rebekah: More than anything. I want to ram it down Niklaus' throat and look into his eyes as he realizes he's mortal again. But Shane's dead, and you are useless. So, I'm right back where I started.
Stefan: Shane's not dead.
Rebekah: But I watched Kol impale him.
Stefan: Well, you probably shouldn't have left him alone. Bonnie did a little spell. He's perfectly fine.
Rebekah: You didn't have to tell me that. Why am I really here?
Stefan: You were right. I'm going to be here for an eternity, and I will go insane if I don't know how Elena truly feels about my brother.
Rebekah: Well, if you really want the cure, you should know that Shane has an agenda, and it's a dark one. He said he organized dozens of people to die in sacrifice, he admitted to the council explosion where twelve people died, and I'm guessing it's not a coincidence that twelve hybrids died at the hand of my brother.
Stefan: Twelve...channeling the energy from mass death is used in witchcraft to perform dark spells. It's called Expression. Shane admitted all this to you?
Rebekah: Proudly.
Stefan: Well, then, I guess we'll have to figure out how to manage him while we find the cure for ourselves.
Rebekah: We? There is no 'we', Stefan.
Stefan: Listen, I hate my brother, and you hate yours. But Damon's got Jeremy, Klaus has the sword, and Shane has Bonnie. You and I are the only ones left with nothing. You said it yourself, right? Whoever finds the cure first gets to decide what to do with it. So what do you say? You wanna be partners?
April: My father had no reason to kill eleven people. He had no reason to kill himself. He loved me. He loved Mystic Falls. He was brainwashed into sparking that fire. Professor Shane organized his death and the eleven others who died with him.
April: It's time this entire town started telling the truth.
Klaus: I was beginning to worry you boys wouldn't find the place.
Jeremy: What the hell...?
Matt: Did you kill all these people?
Klaus: Not exactly. They're in transition. 
Jeremy: You said you were going to convince Klaus to do this another way!
Damon: Well, I thought about it, and then I realized his idea was better.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.