Damon: Here.
Caroline: I'm still shaking.
Stefan: What happened?
Damon: Go ahead, tell him. You're gonna love this.
Caroline: I saw Katherine today.
Stefan: Where?
Caroline: At the Grill. I just stopped by to gawk and...quasi-stalk Matt.
Matt: Do you need a table?
Caroline: No, I'm not staying. I just needed to use the little girls' room.
Damon: Skip the teen drama and get to it.
Caroline: Then I had to pretend to use the bathroom even though I didn't really have to go because I'm a doofus.
Caroline: Elena?
Katherine: Hey, I saw you with Matt, are you okay?
Caroline: Yeah, you know...whatever.
Katherine: You're good. What gave me away? Was it the hair? Or was it my clothes?
Caroline: I know Elena is...I know Elena's at home.
Katherine: I need you to deliver a message.
Stefan: What was the message?
Katherine: Tell Damon and Stefan that I want the moonstone or I will rip this town apart until it rains blood.
Damon: Tell him the rest of it.
Katherine: Tonight, at the masquerade ball.
Stefan: She wants to do it in public. Killing Mason threw her off guard.
Damon: She's running scared. What she did to Jenna was desperate. She's out of tricks.
Stefan: We can't underestimate her. We have to play this smarter than her.
Caroline: Can we just give her the moonstone so she'll leave?
Damon: No, Katherine's not getting dick. I've had it. I'm gonna go to the masquerade ball and I'm gonna kill her, tonight.
Stefan: You're not gonna kill her.
Damon: Don't give me that goody-goody crap.
Stefan: You're not gonna kill her.
Damon: Really?
Stefan: Because I am.
Matt: Easy. Grab the door Jer.
Jenna: Hey, stop fussing, I'm fine.
Elena: The doctors said that you have to take it easy.
Jeremy: Yeah, you don't want to rip your stitches, hemorrhage and die, alright?
Jenna: Yeah, the only thing I'm gonna die from is embarrassment.
Matt: No.
Jenna: I walked into a knife. How does somebody do that?
Elena: It was a freak accident.
Jeremy: It happens.
Matt: Yeah, I mean I've done it like twenty times at the Grill.
Matt: Okay, I'm being nice.
Jeremy: Careful.
Matt: Easy, easy.
Matt: What should I do with this?
Elena: I got it.
Jeremy: So what are we gonna do?
Elena: Make lunch.
Jeremy: No, about Katherine.
Elena: We're not gonna do anything, Jeremy.
Jeremy: She tried to kill Jenna. We can't let her get away with that.
Elena: Yes we can. If it keeps us safe then we can.
Jeremy: And what if she tries something else?
Elena: She won't. Katherine hurt Jenna because I didn't do what she said. I'm not doing it now, me and Stefan are over. She wins, the end.
Jeremy: You are being naïve and you know it.
Elena: Where are you going?
Jeremy: Out. I'll be back.
Flowers: Where should I put these?
Katherine: Right there. Thank you, Mrs. Flowers. You've been such a wonderful help.
Flowers: Oh, it's my pleasure dear. Let me know if there's anything else I can do.
Katherine: I will.
Lucy: Oh, Kat, chill.
Katherine: Do not sneak up on a vampire.
Lucy: Don't attack a witch. It's good to see you girl.
Katherine: I'm glad you made it.
Lucy: You called, I came.
Katherine: Like you had a choice.
Lucy: Don't get all boss lady on me. You know I love you.
Lucy: Now, where does one wear this?
Katherine: To a masquerade ball. Tonight. You want to be my date?
Caroline: Hey, come on in.
Bonnie: I got Stefan's message.
Stefan: Hey, you brought the grimoire, thank you.
Bonnie: What's going on?
Jeremy: We're gonna kill Katherine.
Stefan: I can explain.
Bonnie: Please.
Stefan: We're gonna kill Katherine.
Alaric: This works with compressed air. The trigger mechanism is up here. I have two of these in a different size. For you I recommend this. It fits nicely under the jacket sleeve. You use the trigger when you're ready.
Alaric: You wanted me to show you how to kill a vampire.
Lucy: What's with the hair?
Katherine: I'm impersonating my dull-as-dishwater doppelgänger Elena. She has the worst taste.
Lucy: Except in man. Isn't it a risk pretending to be her in front of the entire town?
Katherine: I've gotten quite good at it actually and everyone's gonna be in masks. It's for some feed this, something charity. It's for a good cause Lucy.
Lucy: Hum, okay. Well, have you actually seen the moonstone before? I always thought it was some made up legend.
Katherine: I have seen it and I need you to help me get it back.
Lucy: Oh yeah? What are you gonna do with it?
Lucy: You want me to break the curse.
Katherine: Let's just get it first. All I really need from you is backup. I can't imagine that Damon and Stefan are just gonna hand it over without putting up a fight.
Bonnie: I know you love Elena and you want to be with her but it's risky. Too many people could get hurt.
Stefan: Look, I want Elena back, yes but it's more than that. What Katherine did to Jenna it crossed the line. She has to be stopped before it happens again.
Bonnie: I don't know, Stefan.
Stefan: Katherine knows me, right? She knows that I'm not gonna try something in a crowd full of innocent people so that gives me an edge. I could catch her by surprise.
Bonnie: I could do a spell to trap her, like the tomb spell.
Stefan: Right. We can isolate her, away from the others. Please Bonnie.
Bonnie: Okay.
Elena: You're welcome to hang out. Alaric's coming over. It's gonna be pizza and bad TV.
Matt: I'd love to but I'm going to the masquerade party at the Lockwoods, aren't you?
Elena: Uh, no...not with what's going on with me and Stefan.
Matt: I've got to go, there's something I got to do.
Elena: What?
Matt: Just something, I can't talk about it but I've got to go.
Elena: Okay. Well, have fun.
Matt: Yeah. Me and a suit.
Elena: You look good in a suit.
Matt: You and Stefan will work it out.
Elena: I don't think so, Matt. There's so much about me and Stefan that'll never work.
Matt: You know I'm here for you always.
Alaric: Are you sure you guys don't want me there tonight?
Stefan: No, I need you to stay with Elena. I don't want her to know about this.
Alaric: Okay. Well, I'll make sure she doesn't leave my sight.
Stefan: Alright, if anybody wants to back out, I'll understand.
Damon: Yeah. Cold feet speak now. I don't want this going wrong if someone chicken's out. Caroline.
Caroline: I won't. Look, she killed me. Fair's fair. As long as there's no werewolf running around.
Damon: Oh, I took care of Mason.
Jeremy: As long as Tyler doesn't kill anyone, he won't turn.
Stefan: Bonnie? Are you with us?
Bonnie: But no one gets hurt.
Damon: Except Katherine. Tonight Katherine gets a stake through her heart.
Carol: It's already packed out there. You know, we need to keep that door shut. Your father would be very unhappy if I let guests in here.
Carol: Oh, look at you! So handsome.
Tyler: Thanks. You look pretty good too mom.
Carol: Oh, a compliment. I think I'll fall over.
Tyler: Listen, I'm sorry I've been a dick lately...a jerk lately. It's just...Have you heard from Mason?
Carol: No and I don't think we're going to. He's coming, he's going, it's just his way. He's the exact opposite of your father.
Tyler: We should have cancelled this party.
Carol: This whole masquerade theme was his idea. I don't know what it has to do with helping the homeless but once he made up his mind, he could really be a dick...a jerk. But I loved him and I know you did too. It's natural to feel abandoned. I just don't want you to feel alone.
Tyler: Come on, put your mask on. Let's just go out there and pretend to have some fun.
Carol: I think I need a cocktail first.
Matt: Elena?
Katherine: Matt? You look dashing.
Matt: I thought you said you weren't coming.
Katherine: I couldn't miss it. You really are hot in a suit. I would love to just...Okay, here's the deal.
Katherine: Do you know what you have to do?
Matt: I'm gonna get Tyler Lockwood really drunk. I'm going to start a fight with him and I'm gonna beat him until he snaps.
Katherine: And then?
Matt: I won't stop until he kills me.
Katherine: God, you're hot. Now go away.
Matt: Thank you.
Damon: Do you see her?
Stefan: Nope. You're sure you can do this?
Damon: Who are you talking to?
Stefan: Oh, I had the chance to kill her and I hesitated.
Damon: Well that is the fork in the road between you and me my friend. I don't hesitate.
Stefan: You spent 145 years loving her, it could happen.
Damon: I won't hesitate.
Stefan: Okay.
Tyler: We're really not supposed to be in here.
Matt: Yeah, I know but we really need to turn this party up. Another shot?
Aimee: Hey, I want a shot.
Sarah: Me too and then we have to dance.
Aimee: Yes.
Tyler: You know, usually it's me corrupting you. I like this.
Aimee: Okay, let's go party. Come on.
Jeremy: I thought this room could work.
Bonnie: It's perfect.
Jeremy: Is that the spell book I read about in my family's old journal?
Bonnie: it's my ancestor, Emily's. The spell I'm doing here is similar to the one that sealed the vampires into the tomb.
Jeremy: Can you do all the stuff that's in there?
Bonnie: I mean it takes practice. I've worked on some small spells. Spells that only do good. I don't want to know too much. I don't particularly enjoy any of this, in case you haven't noticed.
Jeremy: Yeah but you're 100% witch, that is so cool.
Bonnie: It's anything but cool. Did your family journals tell you what happened to Emily? Or what about my Grams? It never ends well for people like me.
Jeremy: If you feel that way, why help?
Bonnie: Because I don't want anyone else getting hurt and I don't know how to stay out of it.
Jenna: I feel like an invalid.
Elena: That's because you are an invalid. Where's Jeremy? Isn't he hungry?
Jenna: He already left for the Lockwood party.
Elena: He went to that?
Jenna: Yeah, I'm glad. He needs to have more fun. Lose some of that emo thing.
Elena: I'm gonna get some napkins.
Elena: What's going on?
Alaric: What do you mean?
Elena: I haven't heard from anyone all day. It's like everyone's been avoiding me and now Jeremy's supposedly at the party? He hates stuff like that.
Alaric: I don't know what to tell you, Elena.
Elena: So then you'll be okay if I just head out, try to meet up with everyone.
Alaric: Wait, wait, wait.
Elena: What are you hiding, Rick?
Alaric: Stefan asked me to keep an eye on you, just in case Katherine showed up while he was at the party.
Elena: So Stefan's at the party too? He would never go to the party for himself; he did that stuff for me.
Alaric: Just let this one go. Okay Elena?
Bonnie: We need to let Stefan and Damon know the room's ready.
Bonnie: Do you feel that?
Jeremy: What's the matter? Are you cold?
Bonnie: No.
Bonnie: Excuse me, do I know you?
Lucy: No, I'm a plus one, I know no one, but it's a great party though.
Jeremy: Are you okay?
Bonnie: I just got a weird vibe. Let's find Damon.
Katherine: Dance with me.
Stefan: No.
Katherine: Fine then tell me who I should kill. Him? Hmm, she looks delicious.
Katherine: It's a beautiful night.
Stefan: Why the charade?
Katherine: How's Jenna? I certainly didn't expect her to survive that. Lucky girl. Clumsy. How does one stab oneself?
Stefan: Katherine?
Katherine: Uh?
Stefan: I don't want anyone to get hurt tonight.
Katherine: Okay. Then give me the moonstone and nobody will.
Stefan: Well, you see, I don't have the moonstone on me. So, you and I will have to go get it together.
Katherine: Hmm. I have a better plan. You go fetch it and I will try not to kill anyone in the meantime.
Stefan: My way or you don't get it.
Aimee: Hey Stefan, I can't find Matt. Oh my god Elena! You look so pretty. I love that dress. You look gorge.
Katherine: Thank you. I love your necklace.
Aimee: Oh, thanks.
Katherine: Oh it's twisted. Here, let me, here we go.
Katherine: Paralyzed from the waist down. (Snaps Aimee's spine again.) And dead.
Katherine: The moonstone, Stefan. Tick tock.
Elena: Hey guys, I'm gonna go to bed. You good over there?
Jenna: Good night.
Elena: Good night.
Stefan: I put the body in the trunk for now.
Damon: We'll dump her when we get back.
Stefan: This is exactly what I didn't want it, Damon.
Damon: Stefan, it's collateral damage.
Stefan: Right, which is why we need to call it off.
Damon: What? Who's hesitating now? Hey! Don't do this to me! This woman ruined our lives, she destroyed us! Tonight it ends. We can do it together. I got your back. All right?
Stefan: All right.
Jeremy: So can you do like a hocus pocus to ace a test?
Bonnie: I don't know that spell.
Jeremy: It'd be like the first one I'd learn or maybe like a sex spell or something. I don't know. Do you want to dance or something while we're waiting?
Bonnie: No! I mean no thank you.
Lucy: You didn't tell me there was another witch here.
Katherine: Didn't I?
Lucy: No, you didn't. No one is supposed to know I'm involved. This changes things, Katherine.
Katherine: This changes nothing. You're here because you owe your dear friend a favor. You wouldn't want to lose my friendship now, would you?
Jeremy: Elena.
Jeremy: Hey sorry, could I talk to my sister?
Katherine: What is it Jeremy?
Jeremy: I have a message from Stefan.
Katherine: Oh?
Jeremy: He and Damon want you to meet them at the edge of the lake by the woods. They brought the moonstone.
Katherine: And why are you their little messenger?
Jeremy: Because they know I'm not afraid of you.
Katherine: Hmm, you Gilbert men, so courageous. How's John by the way? Were they able to sew his fingers back on?
Elena: What the hell is going on?
Katherine: What are Stefan and Damon up to?
Caroline: What do you mean?
Katherine: I've got Jeremy Gilbert luring me out to the lake. What's going on?
Caroline: I don't know...nothing.
Katherine: Don't lie to me, Caroline. They're up to something, what is it?
Caroline: I...
Caroline: Wait, no, no, no! Okay. They're trying to kill you.
Katherine: I figured as much. Where is the moonstone?
Caroline: Bonnie has it.
Katherine: And where is Bonnie right now?
Caroline: I don't know.
Caroline: Okay. She's upstairs, she's upstairs!
Elena: You guys are trying to kill her here?
Jeremy: We saw an opportunity and we knew we had to take it.
Elena: Okay, stop with the "we", are you guys crazy? You're gonna get yourselves killed.
Bonnie: We know what we're doing, Elena.
Elena: And how am I supposed to feel if one of you guys gets hurt because of me?
Jeremy: It's not just you anymore, Elena. She's messed with all of us, she has to be stopped.
Caroline: Why do you keep dragging me into this? I don't want any part of it.
Katherine: Shut up!
Katherine: Which room is it?
Caroline: It's that one.
Katherine: Where is she?
Caroline: I did it! I really didn't think that I'd be able to fool you but I did it!
Katherine: What the...? Stefan?
Stefan: Hello Katherine.
Caroline: Goodbye Katherine.
Katherine: You don't really think that you can kill me with that now, do you?
Stefan: No, but he can.
Jeremy: What's going on?
Bonnie: Jeremy, it's Katherine. She's linked to Katherine, get them to stop! Now!
Jeremy: Stop! You're hurting Elena! Everything you're doing to her is hurting Elena!
Katherine: You think you two are the only ones with a witch on your side? Wrong and something tells me that my witch is better than your witch.
Stefan: Jeremy, go check on Elena. Make sure she's okay. Go!
Katherine: Let's all make sure poor Elena is okay. Just a little bit more pressure.
Elena: Bonnie, it hurts.
Bonnie: I can't break the spell, Elena. I'm sorry but I can try to take some of the pain away. Okay? Okay?
Bonnie: Ascinda, mulaf, hinto, ascinda...
Katherine: This is really gonna hurt.
Damon: Wait!
Katherine: Okay. So, how about that moonstone?
Jeremy: Are you okay?
Elena: Are they?
Jeremy: They're stuck in there with her.
Jeremy: You were right; Katherine had a witch link Elena to her.
Bonnie: The girl I saw, the one inside! Stay with her, keep pressure on her shoulder!
Jeremy: Where are you going?
Bonnie: There's another witch here, I'm gonna find her!
Elena: No.
Jeremy: Take it.
Elena: No, Jeremy...
Jeremy: Elena listen to me: you need this more than I do.
Elena: No Jeremy. What I need is for you to be safe.
Katherine: The three of us together just like old times. The brother who loved me too much and the one that didn't love me enough.
Damon: And the evil slut vampire who only loved herself.
Katherine: What happened to you Damon? You used to be so sweet and polite.
Damon: Oh, that Damon died a long time ago.
Katherine: Good. He was a bore.
Stefan: Oh, why don't you two stop antagonizing each other?
Katherine: Where is the moonstone?
Stefan: What do you want with it?
Katherine: Does Elena enjoy having both of you worship at her alter?
Stefan: That was really desperate, Katherine. Don't you think that we can see right through you?
Katherine: So it doesn't bother you that Damon's in love with your girlfriend?
Stefan: Oh, stop it.
Katherine: Or what? You'll hurt me?
Katherine: Come on, Stefan. Everything that I feel, Elena feels, so go ahead.
Katherine: Or better yet, kiss me Damon. She'll feel that too.
Stefan: You know, this whole Mason thing has me a bit confused. Why a werewolf? The moonstone can break a curse that would help them destroy all vampires so what's in that for you?
Damon: Sorry about your pet wolf, probably should have kept him on a tighter leash.
Katherine: I'll have to remember that for next time. He's not the only wolf in town.
Sarah: So, what happened to Aimee?
Matt: I don't know, she disappeared.
Tyler: She's probably drunk somewhere.
Matt: Like me.
Tyler: Whoa, don't do that.
Matt: What man? It's a party.
Matt: Right dad? You know, looks like your dad wants a drink.
Tyler: Hey, that's not cool. What's wrong with you?
Matt: Come on, the guy was a dick.
Sarah: Come on, you're being mean. His dad's dead.
Tyler: Give me the picture!
Matt: Remember how your dad used to slap you around?
Tyler: Are you kidding?
Matt: I'm just having fun.
Tyler: Put the picture down now man.
Tyler: Okay, you need to calm your drunk ass down right now!
Matt: Do something about it!
Tyler: I'm not gonna fight you.
Caroline: What is going on? Stop!
Matt: I can't! Let me go, I have to finish!
Tyler: What the hell is wrong with you?
Matt: Let me go!
Caroline: Matt?
Tyler: How did you...?
Sarah: Matt failed. If Matt fails, I can't.
Caroline: Tyler, look out!
Tyler: No, no, no! Come on, wake up! Sarah, open your eyes, wake up! This can't happen, oh no, this can't happen. This can't be happening! Sarah! Sarah, get up! Sarah! Open your eyes! This can't be happening! Not like this!
Caroline: Tyler? Tyler?! Tyler, what's happening?
Tyler: Get away!
Caroline: What's happening?!
Damon: Damn it! Where is that witch?
Katherine: We could play charades.
Stefan: You bargained the moonstone.
Damon: What are you mumbling about over there?
Stefan: When you struck a deal with George Lockwood, to help you fake your death, you told me that you gave George something that he needed. It was the moonstone, wasn't it?
Katherine: Good for you, Stefan. Two plus two...And it would have worked except that people found out that I wasn't in the tomb.
Katherine: Thanks to you, by the way. Have I mentioned how inconvenient your obsession with me has been?
Damon: You and me both, honey.
Stefan: Why do you need it back?
Katherine: I love you in a suit, so dashing.
Stefan: What were you doing with it in the first place?
Damon: You're wasting your breath, Stefan.
Stefan: Unless it wasn't yours to begin with. In 1864 you faked your death. Who were you running from, Katherine?
Katherine: In 1987 you were in Chicago, at a concert of all places with that wench, Lexi. Come on Stefan, don't look so surprised. Of course I checked in on you over the years. You were standing in the front row, dancing all night. You were watching Bon Jovi and I was watching you.
Stefan: Who were you running from?
Lucy: You looking for me?
Bonnie: Who are you?
Lucy: Lucy.
Bonnie: What are you doing here?
Lucy: I should have known I'd run into a Bennett.
Bonnie: How do you know me?
Lucy: You figure it out. Look, I have no interest in fighting you.
Bonnie: Then stop the spell you put on my friend.
Lucy: Give Katherine the moonstone and I will.
Bonnie: Why are you helping Katherine? Don't you know what she is?
Lucy: Tell your friends to hand over the moonstone and all will be groovy.
Bonnie: You're not leaving this room until you stop the spell!
Lucy: Look, I don't want to hurt you.
Bonnie: I don't want to hurt you.
Lucy: Look, I don't have a choice. The bitch saved my life and now I owe her. I have to pay up.
Lucy: You have the moonstone. I can sense it on you.
Lucy: Do you feel that? You can trust me. Give it to me, it's okay.
Katherine: We're missing the party. I'll have one of those.
Damon: (mimics the voice of a servant boy) Right away Miss Katherine.
Katherine: Thank you.
Stefan: No, no! Damon, don't!
Katherine: Yes, Damon, please.
Damon: The second the spell is lifted, I'm gonna drive a stake right through your heart.
Katherine: God, you're hot. When did you get so hot?
Lucy: Katherine, the spell on this room has been broken, you're free to leave.
Katherine: Thank God.
Lucy: When I hand this over my debt to you is over.
Katherine: Done.
Lucy: I owe you nothing.
Katherine: I said done. Give it.
Damon: I wouldn't do that.
Lucy: You should have told me another witch was involved. She's a Bennett witch, Katherine, but I'm sure you knew that.
Stefan: Wait, Elena!
Lucy: Elena's fine.
Lucy: The spell is broken. She'll heal quickly, Bonnie's with her.
Lucy: I apologize for my involvement.
Caroline: Matt and I were fighting, we broke up you know, and Sarah was drunk and dancing and she just tripped. And then she wasn't breathing.
Carol: Okay, your mom's on her way and we called Sarah's parents. It was an accident. It was a terrible, tragic accident.
Tyler: Mom, the sheriff's here.
Carol: I'll go prepare her, just don't leave. Just stay here okay? She's going to want to hear the story from you.
Caroline: Matt's in the car, sleeping it off. I'll deal with him; I don't want him involved in any of this.
Tyler: What are you doing?
Caroline: I'm fixing a very bad situation.
Tyler: Why? I did this. I killed her.
Caroline: No, you didn't mean to and I think it's best for everyone...
Tyler: But she's dead! You don't know what that means.
Caroline: Actually, Tyler, I think I do.
Tyler: No, you don't, Caroline.
Caroline: Has your wound healed?
Tyler: How did you...?
Bonnie: Please, wait.
Lucy: Hey, I'm sorry about that spell. Damn vampires, they pull you into the middle of it every time.
Bonnie: How do I know you? When I gave you the stone, how did I know I could trust you?
Lucy: That feeling you got, you ever felt it before?
Bonnie: Being around family. My grams.
Lucy: My mother is Joanna, first cousin twice removed from Pauline, niece of Sheila aka...
Bonnie: Grams? We are related?
Lucy: Yeah, we kind of are. It's nice to meet you Bonnie. Seeing you tonight was a wakeup call for me. I got to stop letting vampires control me. So thank you for that.
Bonnie: Please, don't leave! I have so many questions. I don't want to be in the middle either. I hate it. How do I stay out of it?
Lucy: Unlike me, you're one of the good ones, Bonnie. The middle of it is exactly where you need to be. You take care, cuz. Don't worry, you'll see me again.
Jeremy: Hey, I was gonna head home, can I offer you a ride? Are you okay?
Bonnie: When did you get your driver's license?
Jeremy: I'm not a kid anymore, Bonnie.
Bonnie: I'd love a ride home.
Stefan: Elena.
Elena: I'm okay, I'm okay. Bonnie took away the pain and I think I'm healing.
Stefan: I know but I think you should definitely see a doctor anyway.
Elena: I will. I heard about Katherine, is it true? Is she really gone?
Stefan: Yeah, I was so worried about you.
Elena: Stefan...I...
Stefan: Katherine being gone doesn't change anything for you, does it?
Elena: I want to be with you, Stefan. You know that but first, I need to wake up and know that the people that I love are safe. I need to feel safe. Do you understand?
Stefan: Yeah. Yeah, I...I understand.
Damon: Hello Katherine.
Katherine: Where am I?
Damon: Where you should have been all along. I thought you'd have learned your lesson by now, messing with a Bennett witch.
Katherine: You should have killed me.
Damon: Death would have been too kind.
Katherine: No, Damon, don't. Damon, don't. You need me, Elena's in danger.
Damon: From who?
Damon: You're lying, you're always lying.
Katherine: Why do you think I haven't killed her? Because she's the doppelgänger. She needs to be protected.
Damon: Then I'll protect her, while you rot in hell.
Katherine: No, Damon, don't! I'll do anything, please. Damon! You need me! Damon! You need me! You need me!
Elena: Yeah Jeremy, I've got my car. Tell Bonnie that whatever she did, I'm starting to feel better. Yeah, you can drive her home. I'm just gonna go straight to bed. Okay.
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.