


The Five







Information


season
number




4
4






Navigation


previous
next




The Rager
The Killer





Contents[show]
1100 A.D.

[In the middle of a forest, a witch is holding a cauldron of fire. Five men stand around her in a circle with their swords touching the ground. The witch is performing a spell in Latin. She holds the cauldron above her head and the fire is struck by a lightning bolt. She lowers the cauldron to the ground and pours the fire out. The fire spreads towards the sword blades and runs up them. The five men have the hunter's tattoo spreading up their arms and across their chest. One of the men raises his sword and the symbol which Connor has carved into his stakes is seen on the blade.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Stefan is examining the hunter's mark on a wooden stake. Damon enters the room with some boxes on his shoulder.]

Stefan: So what is all this?

Damon: Some personal items that I snaked from the vampire hunter's RV. May he rest in peace. I'm searching for a supernatural handbook.

Stefan: And you know for a fact that he was supernatural?

Damon: Definitely wasn't natural. The guy magically appeared just as someone blows up the entire Founders Council. He's covered in a tattoo that only Jeremy Gilbert - of all people in the world - seems to be able to see. Klaus mentioned something about him being one of The Five. Then he kamikazes himself with explosives. Sound natural to you?

Stefan: What's The Five?

Damon: That's what I'm hoping is in the first chapter of the handbook. [His phone rings and he picks it up. It's Sheriff Forbes.] Liz Forbes, my favorite sheriff. [He looks worried.] What? That's...concerning. Keep me posted. [He hangs up.]

Stefan: What? You're not gonna tell me?

Damon: Can't tell you. Private. We're in a fight.

Stefan: You're in a fight. I'm not in a fight, I'm over it, I've been over it.

Damon: Not still mad at me about Elena?

Stefan: You let her feed on you. I'm always gonna be mad at you but we're not in a fight.

Damon: Very well, then. They didn't find any remains at the explosion site.

Stefan: So Connor's still out there.

Damon: Apparently so. I'm gonna need you to get on this today. I have to take Elena to college.

Stefan: [Looks surprised.] I'm sorry, you have to do what, exactly?

Damon: I'm teaching her how to feed. She needs to learn snatch, eat, erase now more than ever. [Stefan is about to say something, but Damon stops him.] Ah, ah, we're not in a fight, remember?

Woods

Elena: I know it's crazy but I almost killed Matt last night. Damon had to rip me off of him and then compel him to forget. Call it "Doppelgänger curse" or whatever, but I can't drink animal blood. I can't drink from a blood bag, I can only drink from the vein.

[She dodges an arrow that Stefan shoots at her. It sticks into the tree behind her instead.]

Stefan: A little slow. I almost got you.

Elena: That's why we're not using the wood ones for hunter defense class.

[She takes the arrow out of the tree and throws back at him, he dodges it as well. She smiles.]

Stefan: What about Caroline? She's a genius at self-control.

Elena: She's too good. She doesn't understand how hard it is and you...well, I know what being around too much blood does to you, so...I can't put you through that.

[He rushes towards her and grabs her from behind, pointing an arrow at her heart.]

Stefan: So I guess that leaves Damon, huh?

[She flips Stefan over her and he lands on the ground. She sits down on top of him and places the arrow against his neck.]

Elena: Don't be jealous. You know I wish it could be you.

Stefan: Fine, you wish it could be me.

[He sits up and she puts her arms around his neck.]

Elena: We're crashing Bonnie's trip to Whitmore College. The professor that took over her Grams' classes, he invited her. Listen to me. You are the one who's getting me through this, no matter who teaches me how to feed.

Stefan: Okay.

[He superspeeds the two of them into a tree.]

Stefan: Just be careful, okay? The blood, the feed...It's easy to get caught up in it.

Elena: I will. I promise.

[They place their foreheads together.]

Mystic Grill

[Matt is working. Rebekah shows up and places car keys on the counter top.]

Matt: What's that?

Rebekah: The key to your new truck. It's parked outside, paid for, insured, everything but a big red bow.

Matt: If that's your idea of an apology, you should probably give it to Elena. She's the one that you killed.

[Matt leaves. Klaus is sitting at the bar. Rebekah looks at him.]

Klaus: You're trying too hard.

[Rebekah looks away then looks back at him.]

Rebekah: Last I heard you were leaving town, forever.

Klaus: Well I was [He gets up and walks towards her] but then I thought to myself how can I when my sister, clearly so desperate for love and affection, is left here bribing the help.

Rebekah: What do you want Nik? I thought I was dead to you.

Klaus: Things change Rebekah. I've stumbled upon something I think might be of interest to you.

Rebekah: Doubt that.

Klaus: No? Well, what if I told you the brotherhood of The Five still existed.

Rebekah: What?

Klaus: You see, and like that bygones. Come on love, work to do.

Rebekah: We don't have anything to do. There is no we. I don't care about The Five and I don't care about you.

Klaus: As you wish.

[Klaus leaves.]

Whitmore College

[Outside the college, Damon, Elena, and Bonnie pull up to the front of the school and get out of Damon's car.]

Elena: [To Bonnie] Are you sure that you're okay with this?

Bonnie: If I could spell you out of wanting blood, I would, but I can't, so better you learn this now than at freshmen orientation.

Elena: Something tells me that college isn't in my future anymore.

Damon: Oh, stop with the pity party. If I can go to college, you can go to college.

Bonnie: You went to college?

Damon: Sure, plenty of times. I always had a thing for sorority girls. [He smirks.]

Bonnie: You're disgusting.

Damon: I know.

[Elena and Bonnie walk off. Damon follows behind them.]

Professor Shane's Classroom

Prof. Shane: When I say the word "witch", what pops into your head?

[Elena, Bonnie, and Damon enter the classroom where Professor Shane is teaching.]

Prof. Shane: Halloween costume? Villain of a fairy tale? Maybe an ex-girlfriend? Well, whatever image it is it's probably not (Flips to another slide.) Tanyell Soso of Montego, Cameroon.

[Elena, Bonnie, and Damon sit down. Elena and Bonnie stare down at Professor Shane.]

Elena: Is that him?

Bonnie: Yeah.

Elena: He's kind of...

Bonnie: Hot.

[Elena smiles. Damon rolls his eyes.]

Prof. Shane: Now, in reality, or in this reality at least, witches appear to cross every culture in history. They're the architects of the supernatural; responsible for everything that goes bump in the night from ghosts to vampires to doppelgängers.

Damon: What is this guy, Witch-apedia?

[Elena laughs.]

Bonnie: Shhh, shut up.

Prof. Shane: Now, if you're a skeptic, you'd call that a coincidence. But, if you're a true believer, you know that there's really no such thing. It scares the crap out of us.

Elena: [whispers to Damon] What if I'm a Ripper?

Damon: You're not a Ripper.

Elena: What if I am?

Damon: Well then, pick someone and we'll find out.

[Elena looks at him and he raises his eyebrows. Elena starts to look at the other people in the classroom. She looks at a boy in the front of the class.]

Damon: Stoner guys are no good to grab. They're too paranoid and you don't want the extra buzz.

[They look further down the row.]

Damon: Now, she is a fun size, a tutor. Geeky girls are inherently suspicious of anyone who is nice to them. What you want, [He places his arm around her shoulder and points at a girl.] is the little blonde, pretty girl. Self absorbed, easily flattered, you just have to separate her from the pack and make your move.

Prof. Shane: (to Damon and Elena) Am I interrupting you guys?

[Damon and Elena look at him.]

Prof. Shane: Or is it maybe the other way around?

Elena: Sorry.

Damon: I was just saying how much I love witches.

Prof. Shane: Yeah, you and me both, brother. Alright, listen, we should probably talk about the readings that none of you did.

[Elena looks at Damon and smiles.]

Klaus' Family Mansion

[Klaus opens the doors to a room. In the room, Connor is chained up to a piece of wood. Klaus walks in and stands next to his hostage.]

Klaus: Looks like I'll have to beef up the hybrid security detail.

[Stefan walks out of the shadows.]

Stefan: I was gonna take him, but I figured you went through such trouble to truss him up in your red room of pain.

Klaus: It's from the Inquisition. I thought it was a nice touch.

Stefan: What'd you get out of him?

Klaus: Not enough. He's mum about the Council fire and he's not saying anything about this greater evil we're all supposed to be shivering over. What brings you snooping?

Stefan: Well, I can't say it in front of him. As I'm sure you've figured out, our friend here can't be compelled.

Klaus: [To Connor] You're full of mysteries, aren't you?

Connor: I told you, I don't know anything.

Klaus: Thankfully, I know plenty.

[Klaus walks out of the room and gestures for Stefan to come with him.]

Klaus: Shall we?

[Stefan stares at Connor for a few more seconds and follow Klaus out. Klaus shuts the doors to Connor's prison room and turns to Stefan.]

Klaus: So, what's with the home invasion?

Stefan: Damon said you knew something about this guy. Now, I should have figured out that you were up to something when you healed Elena from the werewolf poison without asking for anything in return.

Klaus: I was feeling benevolent.

Stefan: You're never benevolent. Who is this guy? What's the Five?

Klaus: So many questions.

Stefan: It's a good thing I have nothing to do today, except get answers out of you.

[Stefan sits down and looks at Klaus.]

Klaus: Fine. You might actually be useful in persuading my sister to cooperate.

[Klaus walks away from the door and into the room.]

Klaus: The brotherhood of the Five was a group of highly skilled vampire hunters. We crossed paths with them in the 12th century Italy.

Flashback To Italy 1114

Klaus: [voiceover] My siblings and I had followed the Normans as they conquered the South. Feeding, turning people as we went.

[Klaus and Elijah walk into the Town's Square. A man is on a stage with an audience surrounding him. There are several people tied up to wooden poles and staked through the chest on the stage. The man speaks to the crowd of people.]

Alexander: These demons live among you. Passing as human.

Klaus: [voiceover] But with the bloodshed came exposure.

[Klaus and Elijah stop in the middle of the square and watch what is going on. Alexander approaches a box on the stage.]

Alexander: So, witness with your own eyes.

[He unlocks the box. A man steps out of the box and starts to burn. The man is set ablaze. The crowd screams in fear as the man burns to death. Alexander walks down from the stage, looking unabashed by this.]

Elijah: [to Klaus] He's putting on quite the show.

Klaus: He is nothing. I could eat him for sport.

Elijah: Still you should heed the warning. Between you here and Kol in the east, you have not been discreet. Stories of the Original vampires are spreading.

Klaus: I welcome such infamy, but if you're worried about discretion, perhaps you should wrangle our sister.

[Rebekah and Alexander are standing together nearby. Alexander kisses her hand and she smiles. They walk away together, arm in arm.]

Klaus' Family Mansion

Stefan: So these hunters have been around for nine hundred years?

Klaus: Apparently. Though our friend in the other room is the first I've seen since then. Kind of makes you wonder what they've been up to all these years.

Stefan: And Rebekah had a thing with one of them?

Klaus: Oh, she didn't just have a thing. She fell in love with him. He told her all his secrets. Which I will gladly share with you provided you do one thing for me.

Stefan: And what's that?

Klaus: Get Rebekah over here. She's being stubborn and hateful. I need to make peace with her. [He gets up.] I want her to give me some very important information about the hunter which she won't do, unless she believes we've made up.

[Stefan gets up.]

Stefan: And what's in it for me?

Klaus: Just get her here and I'll tell you. Oh, and Stefan, trust me when I say this; that hunter in there holds the answer to all your prayers.

Mystic Grill

[April is sitting in a booth, doing some homework. Matt comes up to her.]

Matt: Hey April. Can I get you some more water?

April: I'm good. I'm not just sitting here, alone, like the loser, new girl. I'm with my friend, she just...

[Rebekah walks up to the table and sits down across from April.]

Rebekah: Sorry, family drama.

Matt: You two are friends?

Rebekah: Is it so hard to believe I would have one?

Matt: Yeah, it is. And I'm keeping the truck.

[Matt walks away. April and Rebekah watch him leave. Rebekah looks at April, who continues to watch Matt.]

Rebekah: Hey, off limits! I have dibs.

[Stefan comes to the table and sits next to April. He compels her.]

Stefan: You won't remember any of this.

[He turns to face Rebekah.]

Stefan: Klaus wants me to fake peace with you, so you'll talk about the Five.

Rebekah: Yeah, I bet, but don't help him, he'll just betray you. It's what he does.

Stefan: Alright, well, forget him. Help me instead.

Rebekah: Why? You hate me more than he does.

Stefan: Because I want to figure out what he's up to and plus I can give you the one thing he won't.

Rebekah: And what's that?

Stefan: A clean slate. I'm not saying that I'm willing to forgive you for what you did to Elena, but I'm willing to set it aside and start over.

Rebekah: Why would you do that?

Stefan: Because, you're obviously not leaving town anytime soon and I'm just looking for a way we can all get along. Plus you can't be too happy wandering around school with no friends.

Rebekah: Well, what if I don't care what you or anyone else thinks?

Stefan: Well, I'm pretty sure that you care what Matt, over there, thinks. So, maybe I can talk to him about a clean slate too.

Whitmore College Campus

[Damon and Elena are following the young blonde girl from Professor Shane's class across campus.]

Damon: She's young and healthy; she'll heal up like a charm. Just keep your eye on the ball. Okay?

Elena: It's not a game, Damon.

Damon: Fine, it's not a game. It's a high stakes dangerous maneuver. Now, just go, just like we practiced. That's all you have to do.

[Elena walks up to the girl from behind.]

Elena: Hey!

[The girl turns around.]

Elena: You're in my Anthro class, right?

Girl: Uh, yeah, I guess so.

Elena: I totally spaced and forgot to get the reading list. Do you have it?

Girl: Sure. Uh – let me check.

[She looks at her phone. Elena grabs the girl's wrist and compels her.]

Elena: This isn't going to hurt. Please don't scream.

[Elena looks down at the girl's phone. She sees a picture of her with a young girl.]

Elena: Who's that?

Girl: It's my little sister.

Elena: Get out of here. Go back to class.

[Damon sighs in frustration. The girl walks away. Elena looks disappointed in herself. Damon walks up to her.]

Damon: What the hell are you doing?

Elena: I just...I saw the picture and I –

Damon: Everybody is someone's uncle or father or camp counselor or bible study teacher. Elena, you don't know these people, why do you care?

Elena: I care because I'm still me. I still have the same feelings, Damon. Sorry if that spoils your master plan to turn me into a super vampire.

[Bonnie walks up to them.]

Bonnie: What's going on?

Damon: Nothing. Elena is educating me on the importance of feelings.

Elena: [to Bonnie] Did you talk to the professor?

Bonnie: For a second. He found some stuff of my Grams' in his office and he's gonna dig it up for me. Oh, uh, this.

[Bonnie hands Elena a flyer for a fraternity murder house party.]

Damon: Oh, nice, the answer to all of our problems. A frat party: douche central. [He rubs his hands together.] Which is why, you'll be eating very well tonight.

[He smirks. Bonnie looks disgusted.]

Damon: So, what should we go as? Victims or killers?

Klaus' Family Mansion

[Klaus is standing next to Connor who is still chained to the torture device. Connor groans.]

Klaus: You feeling alright, mate? Are the shackles too tight? Welcome home, sister.

[He turns his head and looks at Rebekah and Stefan who enter the room.]

Rebekah: Is this a trick? How do you know he's one of the Five? Where's his bloody tattoo?

Klaus: Oh, the tattoos aren't visible on this lot like they were on the last. Let's eat.

[Klaus walks out of the room. Rebekah follows. Stefan, Rebekah, and Klaus are all sitting around a table. A pretty girl is serving them food.]

Klaus: Thank you, my lovely.

[The girl walks off.]

Klaus: I could kiss the Council for burning up all the vervain in town. They made my life so much easier. Rebekah, love, eat your veggies.

Rebekah: I'm not eating until you apologize.

Klaus: For which indiscretion? There have been so many.

Rebekah: You broke my neck.

Klaus: You threw away Elena's blood so I can't make any more hybrids.

Rebekah: Because you took me for granted.

Klaus: That's what big brothers do, sweetheart!

Stefan: Let me just name the million other people I'd rather be having dinner with right now.

Klaus: Alright, fine. I'm sorry. I often forget how delicate you are. Forgive me?

Rebekah: I'll take it under consideration.

Stefan: Okay, good. Now, why don't you tell me about Rebekah's hunter?

Klaus: Right, Alexander. Nice chap foregoing the obvious issues.

Flashback To Italy 1114

Klaus: [voiceover] He was looking for creatures of the night which is why we felt quite safe around him wearing our daylight rings.

[Klaus, Elijah, Alexander, and Rebekah are gathered around a table partaking in a feast. A maiden pours them some wine.]

Alexander: I am unaccustomed to such luxury.

Elijah: Well, it's the least we could do to repay you for opening our eyes to the truth. We're curious to hear more about your order. Your crusade.

Alexander: We are but five men. Bound by fire in the last breath of a dying witch to a single cause; the destruction of all vampires.

Klaus: And how do you hope to achieve this?

Alexander: We have the ultimate weapon which no vampire can survive.

Klaus' Family Mansion

Stefan: So, that's what this is about? A weapon.

Rebekah: Not just any weapon.

Klaus: Rebekah, love, don't get ahead of the story.

Stefan: How is a weapon the answer to all my prayers?

[Rebekah and Klaus look at each other, but don't say anything.]

Stefan: Okay. Why don't we just skip with the theatrics and get right to the point?

Klaus: Not quite yet, because in order to find this weapon, we need to solve the puzzle. Which seems to have disappeared.

Stefan: What puzzle?

[Klaus raises his eyebrows.]

Stefan: The tattoo. What is it?

Klaus: A map. Leading us to its treasure.

Rebekah: Fat lot of good a tattoo's gonna do, if we can't see it.

Klaus: We can't, but someone else can. [Turns to a girl] Why don't you tell the hybrid to bring him in, love?

[The girl walks out of the room.]

Klaus: You see, the hunter was so eager to get to the bottom of his mystery tattoos that he mentioned there was only one other person that can see them.

[The hybrid walks back in the room. He has Jeremy in his grasp. Stefan super speeds out of his chair towards Jeremy. Klaus rushes past Stefan and stands between him and Jeremy.]

Klaus: I wouldn't. Lucky for us, young Jeremy here, is a bit of an artist.

Jeremy: I'm not helping you with anything.

[The hybrid grabs Jeremy's hand and takes his ring off. He tosses it to Klaus who catches it. He holds it up for Jeremy to see.]

Klaus: Oh, I'm afraid you are.

Fraternity House

[Elena, Damon, and Bonnie walk into the murder party together and are greeted by a college student named Frankie.]

Frankie: Hey. I'm Frankie, unassuming serial killer.

Damon: I'm Jack. [They all take a drink] And these are the two lovely ladies I just...Rippered.

Frankie: Welcome to the Murder House, Bloody Marys are free until midnight. Enjoy yourselves.

[Frankie walks away and they are all looking around.]

Damon: Well hats off to these idiots [Takes his hat off and puts it back on. Damon sees Professor Shane.] Oh look, Professor Creepy.

Bonnie: His name is Professor Shane. And he's not creepy. [Makes eye contact with Professor Shane then hands Elena her drink] I'm gonna go talk to him.

Damon: You do that.

[Bonnie walks towards Professor Shane. Damon and Elena start walking into the party looking at people.]

Damon: [To Elena] Inebriated sleezeballs all covered in blood. Come on. Pick one.

[Bonnies walks up the stairs to Professor Shane. Elena starts looking for her first victim. She finds a guy who is slipping roofies into a girl's drink.]

Elena: I think I found one.

Damon: Roofie guy?

Elena: Mhm.

Damon: Nice choice. Go get him.

[Elena walks over to the roofie guy and bumps him.]

Elena: Oh.. I'm sorry...Drink? [Hands him a drink.]

Roofie guy: Sure.

[They smile at each other and Elena walks away.]

Roofie guy: [Following Elena] I'll be right back [To a girl he roofied.]

Roofie guy: Great party, right?

Elena: Yea. [Throws him against a wall and compels him] You're not gonna make a sound. [She bites him and begins to drink.]

[Damon walks in.]

Damon: Now remember the idea is not to kill him. [She keeps drinking] Elena. [She still keeps drinking] Step away from the ledge [Whispering] Elena!

[She finally stops and her mouth is dripping with blood.]

Elena: [Compelling roofie guy] Leave and forget about this.

[He leaves and Elena smiles.]

Damon: Nice touch. How do you feel?

Elena: [Wiping her mouth and laughing] I feel good.

[Elena hugs Damon.]

Elena: [Whispering into Damons ear] I want more.

Klaus' Family Mansion

[In the room containing Connor, Jeremy is sitting near him and is drawing out the tattoo on Connor's arm on a notepad.]

Connor: You set me up at the hospital. Led me into a trap. Why?

Jeremy: You were trying to hurt people who are important to me.

Connor: Important to you? That vampire just threatened to kill you! I don't understand how you can see the tattoo if you're a sympathizer.

Jeremy: And what exactly do you understand? Because a couple days ago, you seemed to have all the answers and now you know jack. Where did this tattoo come from? Why am I the only one who can see it?

Connor: Years ago, I met someone with the mark. Claimed he had this intense desire to kill vampires, like it was engrained in his DNA. He told me the same thing I told you, that if I could see the mark, I was a potential.

Jeremy: Who was he?

Connor: Just a guy I served in Iraq with. I lost track of him and then one day; tattoo just showed up on me. It started on my hand, but the more vampires I killed the more it spread like – like it was trying to tell me something. I just – I just don't know what.

[Jeremy looks back down at the notepad and continues to sketch his tattoo.]
[Back in the dining room, Stefan, Klaus, and Rebekah are still talking about the Five.]

Stefan: So, tell me more about this tattoo.

Klaus: My sister's suitor was unwilling to tell us anything. Rebekah, however, was more than willing to investigate. Isn't that right?

[Rebekah looks down, ashamed.]

Flashback To Italy

[Rebekah and Alexander are in bed together. Rebekah is sitting on top of him and they are kissing passionately. They pull apart. Alexander smiles. Rebekah runs her hand across the tattoo on his chest.]

Rebekah: How do you read these symbols?

Alexander: The map took my brothers and I years to translate. [He grabs a sword leaning against the bed.] The sword is the key to reading it. [He puts down the sword.] Have you considered my offer? To come with me when I leave to follow the map.

Rebekah: I have and I would like that very much.

[Alexander smiles. Rebekah kisses him. When they pull apart, Rebekah glances over at something on the cabinet next to the bed.]

Rebekah: What is that?

Alexander: Oh, that. That [He picks up the silver dagger] is a very special weapon. For a very special kind of vampire.

[He dips the dagger into the white oak ash.]

Alexander: When my brotherhood has achieved its destiny, those monsters will cease to exist. Until then, we have the daggers.

Rebekah: Do you really believe they're all so evil they must be put down?

Alexander: Let us not talk of such evil. Let us do this.

[He kisses her.]

Alexander: And this.

[He kisses her again.]

Alexander: And this.

[He kisses her neck.]

Alexander: And this.

[He stabs Rebekah through the heart with the silver dagger.]

Klaus' Family Mansion

Klaus: My sister's boyfriend threw a slumber party that night. He and his brothers put us all down in our sleep. Elijah, Kol, Finn, and me.

[He looks at Rebekah.]

Rebekah: How was I supposed to know?

Klaus: [raises his glass] Cheers, to my sister's uncanny ability to choose men.

Stefan: I thought the daggers didn't work on you because of your werewolf side.

Klaus: [smirks] They don't.

Flashback To Italy

[Rebekah gasps and wakes up. Klaus is standing at the foot of the bed. He is covered in blood. The walls are stained with smears of blood as well.]

Rebekah: What happened?

Klaus: Ask him.

[Klaus steps aside. Alexander is stabbed against the wall with his own sword. Rebekah starts to cry.]

Klaus: Only, he cannot answer, because I have ripped out his tongue. Along with the rest of them.

Rebekah: Nik, I had no idea.

Klaus: But you should have. Your only family was nearly wiped out, because of your stupidity. What did he promise you?

Rebekah: Nothing. Nothing.

Klaus: He would not have made a move unless he knew you were vulnerable. You trusted him, over me! What did he promise you?

Rebekah: [crying] Nothing, Nik. I swear.

Klaus: What did he promise you?!

Rebekah: [crying harder] Nothing, Nik. Nothing.

[Klaus grabs Rebekah roughly by the shoulders and stands her up.]

Klaus: Tell me, Rebekah!!

Klaus' Family Mansion

Klaus: Go ahead, Rebekah. Tell him. Tell him what the hunter told you the tattoo leads to. What is this great weapon that could bring about the end of the vampire species?

Rebekah: A cure. He said there was a cure.

[Klaus gets up and Stefan follows him.]

Stefan: There is no cure for vampirism.

Rebekah: He's telling the truth, Stefan.

Stefan: Then why wouldn't you have searched for it, found it?

[Rebekah gets up as well. Klaus is in the parlor, pouring himself a drink.]

Klaus: Because when the hunters drew their final breath that night, the marks disappeared from their body, the map was gone, the brotherhood of the Five extinct. For nine hundred years, there was not a whisper of another hunter, until our friend in there showed up in town.

Rebekah: Well, now we have the map, what do we do next?

Klaus: We don't do anything. You can't be trusted, little sister. You'll be blabbing this secret to the first boy who calls you pretty. I mean, it's pathetic, really, isn't it? How she continues to hand her heart to any man who shows her a hint of affection. You'd think she would have learned by now from the endless cycle of disappointment and deception.

Rebekah: But, I haven't, instead I stayed with you and let you leech every moment of happiness from my life! You know, at least I fared better then Finn, Klaus left him daggered because he was tired of his judgment.

Klaus: No, Finn was a dullard. He was more interesting lying in a box.

Rebekah: You want the cure for Elena, don't you? So you can go back to mass producing your hybrids. That's why you brought Stefan here, because you knew that he'd help you even though he hates your guts! You know what? You can shove your cure.

[Rebekah walks out of the house. Klaus smirks and turns to face Stefan.]

Stefan: Well, I hope you got what you wanted out of her before you chased her off.

Klaus: She never would have told me what I needed to know. But she'll tell you.

Stefan: What do you need me to find out?

Klaus: The map is useless without the tool to decipher it.

Stefan: The sword.

Klaus: She knows where it is. And you're gonna get her to tell you. You have a chance to save Elena from the very thing that is going to destroy her. You can call it a deal with the devil, if you like. But you know you won't walk away from it.

Professor Shane's Office

[Bonnie enters Shane's office. He closes the door behind them.]

Prof. Shane: I put your grandmother's stuff around here somewhere. There were a couple of family photos and a first edition Stephen King. Did you know she liked Cujo?

[Bonnie walking around the office, looking at the pictures and objects Shane has around. Shane is digging up Grams' stuff for Bonnie.]

Bonnie: This is amazing. It's all stuff you picked up on your travels?

Prof. Shane: Yeah, I, uh, I do this thing, it's like a one man traveling occult exhibit to small towns. It funds my crazy Indiana Jones adventures.

[He hands her the book and the photos. She takes them.]

Prof. Shane: Do you practice?

[Bonnie looks up at him.]

Prof. Shane: Like she did? I'm a true believer, just don't tell anyone.

Bonnie: No, I – I don't practice. Not anymore. I lost control of myself and there were consequences.

Prof. Shane: Yeah, witches love their consequences, don't they? You know, there are other ways to practice magic. If you're interested.

Bonnie: Are you...?

Prof. Shane: No. No, no, no. I'm just – uh- I'm just a guy with a very open mind who's seen a lot of things and I'm willing to pass some of them along. If you're up for it.

Fraternity House

[Elena and Damon are dancing with two girls. Damon bites the neck of the girl he's dancing with and drinks from her. Elena continues to dance with her girl and grabs her by the shoulders. She compels her.]

Elena: Don't scream. This isn't gonna hurt.

[Elena tilts the girl's head over and bites her neck and drinks. She stops. There is blood dripping down her chin. She lets go of the girl and begins to dance again. Damon sees her from across the room and starts to walk towards her. Elena sees him and smiles. She wraps her arms around his neck and they start to dance together. Elena runs her hand across Damon's neck and licks the blood from off her fingers. Bonnie reenters the room and sees Damon and Elena dancing together. Elena sees Bonnie and starts to come down from her high. Bonnie looks shocked. Elena stops dancing.]

Elena: Oh my God. Oh my God.

[Damon tries to stroke her cheek, but she backs off and walks away towards Bonnie. Damon watches her go.]

Elena: [to Bonnie] I've got to get out of here.

[Elena walks past Bonnie. Bonnie continues to stare at Damon who is still dancing.]

Klaus' Family Mansion

[Jeremy is still sketching the tattoo when Klaus enters the room. Klaus looks at his work.]

Klaus: Nice lines. Now, if you could just hurry it up a little bit.

[Jeremy gets up and hands the sketchpad to Klaus. Klaus takes it.]

Jeremy: I'm done.

[Klaus looks at the sketch and walks closer towards Connor.]

Klaus: What is this?

Jeremy: It's the tattoo.

[Klaus turns around and grabs Jeremy by the throat.]

Klaus: I've seen the tattoo, you impertinent punk. There's more to it.

Jeremy: That's all of it. He says every time he kills a vampire it spreads.

[Klaus throws Jeremy back into a chair. He turns and looks at Connor.]

Klaus: Nate!

[Nate walks in.]

Klaus: Tell the girl to take Jeremy home. [points at Connor] Keep this one alive at all costs.

[Klaus exits the room. Jeremy gets up and follows. Connor watches him leave. Nate walks behind them. Connor tries to pull free from the shackles. Nate walks back in.]

Nate: Looks like you've got too much leash. [He goes to tighten the shackles] You're not going anywhere so you might as well stop the racket.

[Connor  bites a chunk of his ear off. Nate pulls back and screams. He hits Connor in the face.]

Nate: You're lucky I can't kill you. Freak.

[Nate walks out of the room and slams the door shut. Connor spits out a barbell earring from his mouth and looks up at the shackles, clearly about to pick the locks with the barbell.]

Fraternity House

[Elena walks across the lawn outside the fraternity house, wiping the blood off her mouth. Bonnie is following her, close behind. Elena turns to face her.]

Elena: Who am I? Why am I acting like this?

Bonnie: Because you listened to Damon and Damon makes everything he wants sound like a good idea.

Elena: I should be here with Stefan. I shouldn't be here with him. I should be going through all this with Stefan.

[Damon clears his throat. He is standing behind Bonnie.]

Damon: Guessing we should hit the road.

[Bonnie strides over to Damon.]

Bonnie: You were supposed to help her and you let her get completely out of control.

Damon: She's not out of control. She was having fun.

Bonnie: This isn't fun. She's acting like a different person.

Damon: She is a different person. She's a vampire. We're a predatory species. We enjoy the hunt, the feed, and the kill. When the guilt gets too bad we switch off our humanity and we revel in it.

[He looks at Elena.]

Bonnie: Is that what you want? Her to be like you?

Damon: She already is like me. And you know what makes me able to drink my fill and leave someone breathing and not rip their head off like my brother? It's that I can revel in it. I can make it fun.

[Damon pushes past Bonnie. He looks at Elena as he walks right past her. Elena looks traumatized.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Stefan is pouring himself a drink in the parlor. Rebekah opens the front door and enters the house. She closes the door and walks into the parlor.]

Rebekah: I got your message. I'm sorry. I know you wanted my help; he just makes me so angry.

Stefan: No one deserves to be treated that way.

Rebekah: I wanted it back then. The cure. I was willing to leave behind my family for it.

[Stefan offers her a drink and she takes it.]

Rebekah: Would you take it if you had the chance? Or is it just for Elena?

Stefan: A part of me wishes that she and I could have an eternity together. But Damon's right, there's not a single vampire who hasn't killed a human. Elena will kill and then there will be the pain, the guilt, and then...

Rebekah: The humanity switch.

Stefan: But Elena, she's driven by love; by compassion. If she turns off her humanity, then I don't think we'll ever get her back. So, I'd do anything to save her.

Rebekah: I envy that. You and Elena. I envy the love you have. I really did believe Alex when he said he loved me. He promised we'd be married. We even picked out a church. San Vittore in Brienno. I know you want my help, Stefan. But I just can't do anything that lets my brother get what he wants.

[Rebekah takes a sip of her drink and places it down on a table. She starts to walk out.]

Stefan: I never did answer your question.

[Rebekah stops and turns around.]

Stefan: If it meant that I got to be with her, have children, grow old with her. If it meant that we'd die together, be buried together, then yes. I'd take the cure.

Rebekah: I buried him. Even after everything. I laid him to rest in the place where we were to be married. What kind of hopeless fool does that? [Rebekah realizes what she said.] Oh, but that's what you wanted to know, isn't it? Because I buried him with his sword.

[Klaus walks out from behind them.]

Klaus: I'm sorry, little sister, but you're right.

[Rebekah turns around and faces Klaus. Klaus has the silver dagger and white oak ash behind his back. He shows it to her.]

Klaus: You really are a hopeless fool.

[Klaus dips the dagger in the ash. Rebekah attempts to rush past him, but Stefan stops her.]

Stefan: I'm sorry, Rebekah.

[Rebekah looks hurt by Stefan's betrayal. She turns to face Klaus again.]

Rebekah: Go right ahead. Laugh at the girl who loved too easily. But I would rather have lived my life than yours, Nik. No one will ever sit around a table telling stories about a man who couldn't love. Do it. Look me in the eye and do it, you coward!

[Klaus avoids Rebekah's eyes.]

Rebekah: Do it!

[Klaus stabs Rebekah with the dagger. Rebekah starts to desiccate.]
[Stefan covers Rebekah's body, which is lying on the sofa, with a blanket. Klaus comes in the room.]

Klaus: I have a plane waiting. I'll get the sword. My hybrids will keep an eye on Connor. You put Rebekah somewhere where no one will find her and make sure Jeremy forgets everything he heard today.

[He hands Stefan Jeremy's ring.]

Stefan: I'll take care of it.

Klaus: No one must know about the cure, do you understand? Not Damon. Not Elena. Nobody. If this gets out, it could mean all our deaths. So, if you tell anyone, I'll erase each and every memory from the lot of you...

Stefan: I won't say anything.

Klaus: It's just you and me in this, Stefan. Some secrets are stronger than family.

Gilbert Residence

[Damon and Elena walk onto the front porch. They stop and face each other.]

Damon: Well then, goodnight.

Elena: Damon, I'm sorry. Things got a little heated at the party and I shouldn't have let that happen. It's just that I – I feel like.

Damon: What do you feel, Elena?

Elena: When you tell me what a vampire should be, deep down I believe you. I think that you're right and I – I hate that feeling. Because I don't want to be...

Damon: You don't want to be like me.

[Elena doesn't say anything. The front door opens. Stefan is inside the house. Elena looks at him.]

Elena: Hey.

Stefan: Hey.

Elena: Wait, what are you doing here?

Stefan: I was just hanging out with Jeremy. We had a couple of things to talk to talk about.

Damon: Any news on the hunter?

Stefan: No. No, nothing new.

Damon: Well then, today was a bust.

[Elena glances at him.]

Damon: She's all yours.

[Damon leaves. Stefan walks towards Elena.]

Stefan: So, uh, what happened?

Elena: I learned how to feed without hurting someone. It was awful. You were right. I got caught up in it.

Stefan: Ah, it'll get easier.

Elena: But I don't want it to get easier. I can't live like this. Stefan, I'm feeling things that I don't – I don't want to feel and I'm becoming someone that I don't – I don't want to be. I don't think I'm gonna survive this.

Stefan: Hey, yes you will. I promise.

Elena: No.

Stefan: Yes. Hey.

[Elena starts to cry. Stefan embraces her and gently caresses her hair.]

Stefan: You just have to hold on.

[Elena closes her eyes as they stay wrapped in each other's arms.]

Klaus' Family Mansion

[Nate walks into Connor's prison room with food and water. He's on the phone with Klaus. Connor is still chained to the torture device.]

Nate: Yeah, I got it. I'll keep him fat and happy. You should send two more for protection. [Glances at Connor.] Make that three.

[He hangs up the phone and places the water on a table. Suddenly, Connor comes up from behind Nate and wraps the shackles around his neck. He pulls hard on the shackles and Nate tries to pull himself free. Connor screams as he pulls the chains deeper into Nate's neck. He thrusts the chains forward a few times and Nate's head comes off. Connor picks the head off the floor and holds it up. He sees the tattoo start to develop more and spread across his arm and shoulder. On his shoulder is a pentagram mark.]

Professor Shane's Office

[The same mark Connor just got on his arm can be seen in picture form, hanging in a frame, on Shane's wall. Shane is sitting at a desk, reading a book. Connor walks into the room. Shane looks up at him.]

Prof. Shane: Shouldn't you be in Mystic Falls killing vampires?

Connor: Why the hell did you send me there?

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

