


The Birthday







Information


season
number




3
1






Navigation


previous
next




As I Lay Dying
The Hybrid





Contents[show]
Tennessee House
[A woman walks outside the house from the kitchen door.]

Woman: Rudy! [Whistles.] Rudy. Come on! It's too hot to make me come looking for you.

[She bends down and picks up a toy. When she turns around Klaus suddenly appears in front of her.]

Klaus: I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.

Woman: Can I help you?

Klaus: Yeah, my car hmm, my car ran out of gas a couple of miles back. Eh I feel like I've been walking forever yours is the first house I come to so I was just hoping I could use your phone?

Woman: Don't you have a cell phone?

Klaus: Huh, yeah...[Pulls phone from pocket.] Battery died. Look, I promise I'm not a serial killer I just wanna use your phone.

Woman: [Sighs.] Sure.

Klaus: Soo, I can come in?

Woman: No, I'll get the phone and I'll bring it out to you.

Klaus: [Annoyed.] I thought you country folks were supposed to be more trusting.

Woman: I'm from Florida.

Klaus: Well, that explains it. [He grabs her throat and compels her.] Now show me a little southern hospitality. Sweet pea.

[In the kitchen another woman is frying food and walks over to the counter with the frying pan.]

Other woman: I bet you a hundred dollars that dog ran off to a house with air conditioning.

[She turns around and sees the first woman and Klaus entering the kitchen. Klaus is holding the nape of her neck with one hand. The first woman is sobbing.]

Other woman: What's going on?

Klaus: Please don't be alarmed. I was told Ray Sutton lives here.

Other woman: He's almost never here. He's on the road mostly.

Klaus: But I expect he makes it home, once a month. That's what I thought. Where is he now? [She doesn't answer.] If I have to make you tell me it's going to be infinitely more painful for you. Hmm. [He smiles.]

[The other woman runs out of the kitchen and opens the front door, but Stefan is standing in the doorway.]

Other woman: Aaaah!

[Klaus and the first woman come up behind her.]

Klaus: I love it when they run!

Other woman: [Gives up.] He's in Toll. It's near the border. A bar called Southern Comfort. It's on Highway 41.

Klaus: Thank you my love. [He touches the first woman's hair.] Now, may my friend come in?

Woman: [Crying.] Yes.

[The other woman looks terrified and Stefan goes in. Klaus pushes the first woman to Stefan.]

Klaus: Kill this one quickly. [Looks at the other woman.] And make that one suffer. I'll be in the car.

[Klaus leaves with a grin and the women are crying.]

Woman: Please don't!

[Stefan just looks at her and transforms. He bites her, and she screams. The other woman screams too. Outside the house, Klaus is walking over to the car, smiling.]

Gilbert Residence
[It's morning. Elena is lying in her bed. She sits up and goes over to the window. She holds up her hand, takes a deep breath, then pulls the curtains wide open.]
[In Jeremy's bedroom, light from the window suddenly falls on him in bed. Elena has just pulled up the curtains in his room too.]

Jeremy: Aaahh! Early. Bad!

Elena: Ahh. It's not early. (Walks up to bed and pulls his cover off.) You're late, for work. Matt just called.

[Elena walks out of the room. Jeremy looks at the clock.]

Jeremy: Well, maybe he'll fire me.

Elena: [While walking out the door.] Aim high.

[Jeremy slides down to the end of the bed, looking concerned.]

Town Square
[Caroline talking to Elena on the phone.]

Elena: What are you doing?

Caroline: Just shopping for the party you're trying to bail out on.

[Elena is walking down the stairs and goes to the kitchen.]

Elena: I never said yes in the first place.

Caroline: You were never going to which is why I planned it anyway. And my mom wants you to call her.

Elena: Did she find something?

Caroline: An animal attack in Memphis. It's the third one this week in Tennessee.

Elena: And you're sure it's a vampire?

[Alaric is in the kitchen making coffee and they exchange looks.]

Caroline: Yes, but that doesn't mean that it's Klaus.

Elena: Doesn't mean it's not. (Going round the counter, pushing Alaric out of the way.) I'll call her.

Caroline: Well call her on her cell.

Elena: Tell her thank you for her help.

Caroline: All right. Well, I gotta go. I'll see you in a bit.

[Tyler walks up to Caroline.]

Elena: Oh, Caroline wait, just...keep tonight small. Please?

Caroline: Wear something pretty. (Hangs up. Tyler's there.) Hi!

Gilbert Residence
Elena: Ugh! (Sighs.)

Alaric: (Making the bed/couch.) Was that uh...Stefan news?

Elena: Could be more Klaus victims. (Puts down her cup.)

Alaric: You certain Stefan's still with him?

Elena: (Pouring a cup of coffee.) Easy to be certain when the alternative is that he's dead. (They're silent for a second, exchanging a look.) Are you sure you're still okay on the couch?

Alaric: Yeah, Yeah, I'm good.

Elena: (Pick up two cups of coffee.) Because you spent half the summer on it. (Walks over.) If you need your own bedroom?

Alaric: Eh, sleeping in your dead parent's room or my dead...girlfriend's room. Nah.

Elena: Alright (gives him a cup of coffee.) Got it. (Elena starts to walk away.)

Alaric: Hey Elena.

[She stops and looks at him.]

Alaric: Happy Birthday.

Elena: (Half smiles.) Thanks.

Salvatore Boarding House
[Damon is taking a bath. Andie is doing her make up in the mirror. Damon pours himself some champagne but finds that the bottle is empty.]

Damon: We're out of champagne.

Andie: Huh. No you are out of champagne; I don't drink in the morning.

Damon: Well would you be a dear and walk...

Andie: (Interrupting him.) I think you can probably get it yourself. I'm not your slave.

Damon: Hmm.

[Damon gets out of the bathtub.]

Andie: I mean you're dripping a little.

Damon: Mm hm.

[He walks out of the room. Elena walks in the front door. Damon comes up behind her.]

Damon: Good morning.

Elena: Hey, I was gonna...

[She turns around, and sees Damon naked. He smirks.]

Elena: Oh!

[Elena turns around again.]

Elena: You heard me! You knew that I was here.

Damon: Yeah, you should learn to knock. What if I was...indecent?

[She puts one hand over her eyes and with the other hand she grabs a towel and throws it to him as she turns around but still with one hand over her eyes. He puts the towel on around his waist and Elena peeks between her fingers to make sure he's covered up. She sees he is and drops her hand from her eyes.]

Elena: Sheriff Forbes gave us another location to check. (Pulls out a note out of her pocket.) Memphis.

Damon: Another dead-end you mean.

Elena: You don't know that.

Damon: (Walking up to her.) You're right, Elena. This could be the one. After almost two months this could be the one clue that tells that Stefan is alive and well and living in Graceland.

Elena: (Takes the note.) Fine, I'll go by myself. (Starts to walk away.)

Damon: (Speeds up in front of her and takes the note.) Right, and let Klaus know you're tracking him. He thinks you're dead; let's keep it that way.

Elena: It's a new lead Damon; we haven't had one in a while.

Damon: Okay, I'll check it out. If I find anything I'll call you.

Elena: But...(Damon walks away.)

[Damon walks into his room and opens his closet door where there's a map and a lot of notes. He pins the new note up on the map.]

Damon: They moved on to Tennessee.

Andie: Huh, that fluttered victim you had me looking into had family in Tennessee.

Damon: Which one? Pensacola?

Andie: Aha.

Damon: Up for a road trip?

Andie: (Smiles.) Ha, no can do, I've got to work. But I can see if I can get you an address. (They kiss.) See you at the party.

Damon: Get me that address.

Mystic Grill
[Jeremy is working in the back stockroom moving boxes and talking to Bonnie over the phone that is on the shelf for them to see each other.]

Jeremy: You need to come home. It's boring around here without you.

Bonnie: Huh, you think you're bored. My dad's side of the family is like wet paint that never dries.

Jeremy: (Smiling.)

Bonnie: How's the Grill treating you?

Jeremy: Well it's teaching me the value of a mundane human experience.

Bonnie: A summer job is good for you. You needed something normal in your life.

[The lights flicker and there's a strange sound.]

Bonnie: What was that?

Jeremy: Nothing. Look I uh...I got to go back to work. I'll talk to you soon okay?

[He puts his hand on the phone ready to end the call.]

Bonnie: Wait, wait Jeremy. Is everything okay with you?

Jeremy: Yeah, yeah. Normal and mundane. Come home soon okay.

Bonnie: Okay.

[The lights flicker and go off. After a moment they come back on and Vicki is standing in front of him. He drops his phone.]

Jeremy: Vicki? (She disappears.)

[He's freaked out. He bends down to get his phone, revealing that Anna is standing behind him. She reaches out her hand and is about to place it on his shoulder when Matt comes barging in. Anna disappears.]

Matt: I need you to switch sections with me.

Jeremy: Why?

Matt: Caroline and Tyler just sat in mine.

Jeremy: So?

Matt: So? I don't feel like waiting on my ex-girlfriend.

[Matt leaves.]
[Caroline and Tyler are sitting at a table in front of the Grill and talking.]

Caroline: Something's up with your mother.

Tyler: Like what?

Caroline: When I was over yesterday she just kept eyeing me.

Jeremy: Hey guys!

Caroline: Did Matt make you switch sections? (Jeremy just shrugs his shoulders.) He thinks we're dating.

Tyler: So does my mother.

Caroline: What?

Tyler: We're together all the time, it's not a leap.

Caroline: That's crazy.

Tyler: Right.

Southern Comfort Bar
[Inside Ray walks up to the bar.]

Man: What's up Ray?

Ray: Hey Red, get me a beer.

[Klaus comes up next to Ray.]

Klaus: Ray? Ray Sutton?

Ray: Who wants to know?

Klaus: I've been looking everywhere for you. We started in Florida, Pensacola. I met a young chap there who you used to work with before you moved to Memphis, now he directed me to two lovely young women. And they led me here, to you.

Ray: I think I'll be going.

[He tries to go but Klaus stops him.]

Klaus: Not so fast mate. You only just got here, now your type are very hard to come by.

[Ray tries to walk the other way but he bumps into Stefan who is standing there and stops him.]

Stefan: I wouldn't do that.

[He pushes him back to the counter.]

Ray: Vampires.

Klaus: You're swifty swift Ray! Yes! My friend here is a vampire. He compelled everybody in the bar so don't look to them for any help. I however, I'm something else, a different kind of monster. I've got some vampire, I've got some wolf.

Ray: You what?

Klaus: A hybrid Ray, I'm both. You see I want to create more of me. Now you being the first werewolf that I've come across in many a moon, pun intended Ray! I need you to direct me to your pack. So, where can I find them Ray?

Ray: You can't compel me, it won't work.

[Stefan starts scratching his head, Klaus looks at him and he nods. Stefan turns around and takes out something out of his back pocket.]

Stefan: (To the bar man.) Can you bring out the darts please? (To Ray.) Tell you what Ray, We're gonna play a little drinking game, something I like to call truth or wolfsbane.

[He pulls out a pouch of wolfsbane, pours it into his hand, crushing it with his fingers.]

Klaus: Oh, this is gonna be fun Ray.

Tennessee House
[It's daytime. Damon and Alaric pull up. Damon's cell starts ringing. He checks the phone and then ignores the call.]

Alaric: Elena? (Damon makes a face.) I don't know why you just don't come clean and tell her where we are.

Damon: Because Andie said this was a half lead and I don't want to get her hopes up.

Alaric: Yeah, well they're all half leads, and I'm your accomplice. What do you want me to say to her, I'm practically living there.

Damon: Still sleeping on the couch? (They're looking around.)

Alaric: You know, I keep waiting for them to kick me out but they don't. I don't know why, it's not like I'm helping or anything.

Damon: (Agreeing.) Mm-mm.

Alaric: It's quiet.

Damon: Yeah. Too quiet.

[They go inside. Damon tests the door with his foot but he is free to walk in.]

Damon: Oh yeah.

[Alaric comes in and closes the door. He looks around. There are bloody handprints on the walls. They find the bodies of the two women sitting upright on the living room couch, almost as if they were watching TV.]

Alaric: Ugh. Vampire for sure.

Damon: Stefan, for sure.

Alaric: How do you know?

Damon: It's his signature; there's a reason they call him the ripper. Feeds so hard he blacks out and rips them apart, but then when he's done, he feels remorse. It's the damndest thing. (He lifts his leg and wobbles the first woman's knee with his foot.) He put the bodies back together.

[Her head falls to the floor.]

Alaric: Back together?

Damon: Definitely Stefan.

Salvatore Boarding House
[Caroline, Elena and Tyler are there fixing the Salvatore house up for the party.]

Elena: (Taking some napkins from Caroline.) I feel like I have to fight Damon every single time we get a lead on Stefan.

Tyler: Maybe he doesn't want to find him.

Caroline: (Looking at him in shock.) Tyler!

Tyler: What? He's into you, isn't he?

Elena: The only reason Stefan left with Klaus was so that he could save Damon's life. I mean, trust me, Damon wants to find him.

Tyler: But you kissed him? (Caroline gives him "the look".) Probably screwed with his head.

Caroline: Tyler!

[Elena smiles and looks down. Caroline and Elena look at each other.]

Caroline: I'm sorry!

Elena: Don't worry about it. Look, yes I kissed him, but it was a...it was a goodbye kiss. I thought he was gonna die. (Sighs.)

[Tyler shrugs his shoulders. Elena's phone beeps.]

Elena: I missed a call from Bonnie. I'll be right back.

Caroline: (When Elena is out of sight.) Just because I tell you things doesn't mean you're allowed to know them!

Tyler: Sorry. I've gotta run if I'm gonna change and pick up Sophie in time.

Caroline: Wait. You're bringing a date? Slutty Sophie is your date?

Tyler: Hey! It's been kinda slow in that department. And....I am horny all the time now!

Caroline: Yeah, tell me about it, sometimes I feel like I'm gonna explode! It's a...vampire...thing. Yeah, our emotions are heightened and we're on overdrive.

Tyler: It's a werewolf thing too. Just like I can't turn it off.

Caroline: Yeah. (Awkward silence.) Well. Uh, I hope you'll get, uh, lucky tonight.

Tyler: (laughs.) I'll see you later.

Caroline: Yeah, see you later.

Tennessee House
[Damon and Alaric are in the living room. Damon pours a tank of gasoline around the living room.]

Alaric: What are you doing?

Damon: Covering their tracks. Clearly they have no interest in staying in the dark, but I do.

[Alaric moves to give Damon more space but the floor creaks. They look suspicious.]

Damon: Hang on.

[He puts the tank of gas down and bends over and flips over a corner of the rug covering the floor. There it is a hidden trapdoor leading below the floor. They open it and can see a room full of chains.]

Damon: Well, what do you know? Werewolves.

[They close the door, and Damon lights a match and tosses it on the floor. Soon the whole living room is on fire.]

Southern Comfort Bar
[Ray is chained to the wall, and has darts in his body. He's in a lot of pain. Stefan is sitting at the table across the wall and is stirring a glass of a drink with wolfsbane in it with a dart end. He takes it out and throws it at him. The dart hits him. Klaus is just sitting next to them and watching. Everyone else is acting as though nothing unusual is going on.]

Stefan: Ray, you can end this right now. Just tell me where your pack gathers for the full moon.

Ray: I can't.

Stefan: I know, I know. You live by code and all that, but see he's not gonna let me stop until you tell me. And I do whatever he says so, that's the way it goes around here.

[A woman walks over to Klaus.]

Woman: Hello mister Klaus. I have some more information for you. (Stefan hears her and walks over.) You told me to tell you if I saw anything. (Stefan is eavesdropping.) I saw the guys spotted Damon at the farm house.

Klaus: Well, thank you Claudine. You'll just tell your friends to keep up the good work or they're gonna watch her.

[The girl walks away and Stefan comes up to Klaus.]

Stefan: My brother still on our trail?

Klaus: He's getting closer, I'm gonna have to deal with that.

Stefan: (He grabs Klaus's arm.) No, no, no! Let me handle it.

Klaus: Why should I let you leave?

Stefan: Cause, you'll know I'll come back.

Klaus: Do I?

Stefan: You saved my brother's life; I'm at your service.

Klaus: Ah, you sound so tedious and indentured. Aren't you even having the least bit of fun? (He points to Ray with a big smile.)

Stefan: I'll make sure that my brother doesn't bother us any more. (Then Stefan walks away.)

Salvatore Boarding House
[Elena is standing in front of the mirror. Damon is leaning on the doorframe behind her.]

Elena: Don't worry I'm not gonna lose it. At least not before the cake.

Damon: It's your party, you can cry if you want to. (He walks up to her.) Ah, Stefan. Such a pack rat.

[He walks over to the table and picks up a picture of Elena and Stefan. He puts it down and looks at Elena.]

Damon: I got you something. I know I promised not to buy you anything so don't worry. I didn't pay for it.

Elena: You stole it?

Damon: No! (He holds up a little box. They stand just inches apart.) Found it.

[He opens it. It's her necklace.]

Elena: My necklace. I thought I'd never see it again.

Damon: Alaric found it in his loft, thought you'd be happy to have it back.

Elena: I am happy, Thank you.

Damon: You're welcome.

Elena: Can you?

Damon: Absolutely.

[She turns around, he puts the necklace on her and she pulls up her hair. He closes the necklace and she turns around. He offers his arm to her.]

Damon: Shall we?

[She takes his arm and they walk out of Stefan's room. Back downstairs the party is underway. They come down the stairs. They walk past some people standing in the hallway.]

Girls: Hey Elena! Happy Birthday!

Elena: Thanks.

[They come over to the living room where there are a lot of people. A girl goes past them with a bottle in her hand. Damon stops her.]

Damon: Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. You don't want that. (He compels her.) You want the cheap young stuff over by the cheap young people.

[She walks away and Caroline comes up to them.]

Caroline: You like? Don't answer that.

Elena: This is keeping it small? (Caroline just keeps on smiling.) What are we drinking?

[They go away arm in arm.]
[Jeremy is sitting on the couch rolling a joint between his fingers when Matt comes and sits with him.]

Matt: Where did you get that?

Jeremy: Henry from the kitchen sold me a dime.

[Matt takes the pot and lights it.]

Matt: So, what's got you on your spiral downward? Sure it's a lot more interesting than mine.

Jeremy: You do not wanna know.

Matt: (Takes a blow.) How bad can it be, I already know everything else. (Offering the pot to Jeremy.) Go for it.

[Jeremy takes the joint, considers it for a second, then leans closer to Matt.]

Jeremy: You know I died right? And Bonnie used magic to bring me back to life?

Matt: Yeah, Elena told me.

Jeremy: The thing is, ever since I came back I've been seeing...things.

Matt: What kind of things?

Jeremy: Just, things I shouldn't be seeing.

Matt: What's Bonnie say about it?

[Jeremy leans back in his chair, the joint still in his fingers.]

Jeremy: Nah, I haven't told her. I haven't told anybody. Just messing with my head is all. I just need to chill out, so this.

[He holds up the joint. Matt gets up. Elena and Caroline enter the room.]

Caroline: Oh...the Stoner den. Buzzkill.

[Matt comes up to them.]

Matt: Hey guys.

Elena: Matt, hey!

[He kisses her on the cheek.]

Elena: Oh.

Matt: Happy Birthday.

Elena: Thank you.

[Matt leaves.]

Caroline: He hates me. His hatred of me, has driven him to drugs!

Elena: He doesn't hate you, he hates that he's not with you. (Looks over to the couch.) Is that my brother?

[Jeremy is smoking the joint in the chair. Elena hands Caroline her drink.]

Elena: Thank you.

[Elena walks off and Caroline watches as she takes a sip of her drink.]
[Outside on the porch, Damon and Alaric are talking.]

Alaric: I am every parent's worst nightmare. I am the chaperone teacher from hell.

Damon: I love high school parties.

Alaric: Isn't Andie supposed to be coming?

Damon: Ten o'clock broadcast. Should be here in a little bit.

[Elena comes out.]

Damon: Hello Birthday Girl!

Elena: Drink!

[She holds out her arm and takes Damon's glass.]

Elena: Jeremy's smoking again.

[She takes a drink.]

Damon: Is his stash any good?

Elena: (Gives him the evil eye.) You're an ass. (Looks at Alaric.) Talk to him, please. He looks up to you.

[She puts the glass back in Damon's hand and walks away.]

Damon: You're screwed.

Alaric: Ahh.

WPKW9 Studio
[Andie's talking in the phone as she walks through the studio.]

Andie: Yeah, Uh huh. Uh huh. (Waves and whispers to man passing by.) Bye (To phone again.) Uh huh. Okay, I, I am the last person here again.

[The lights in the room go out.]

Andie: Days of work, please can we do this in the a.m.? I have a party I have to get to, and you gotta get a life! Okay, all right. Bye, bye.

[She walks into studio 3 and picks up her bag. She turns around ready to leave when suddenly a bright spotlight pointing at her turns on and blinds her.]

Andie: Hello? Not cool. My retinas are burning.

[She steps out of the light but the light moves and shines on her again.]

Andie: Okay, Okay. Seriously who'd...? What the hell are you doing?

[There's no answer. Suddenly the light turns off.]

Andie: Hello? Hello?

[She starts to run for the exit but falls over a wire. The light comes back on and a person walks in front of the light. She gets up and tries to run, but Stefan is suddenly in front of her.]

Andie: Ohh! Stefan!? Oh my god! Oh my god, what are you doing here? We have been looking everywhere for you! (He doesn't answer.) Stefan?

[She gets scared and he starts to transform.]

Salvatore Boarding House
[People are dancing and drinking at the party. On the dance floor Tyler and Sophie are dancing. Caroline is standing on the edge looking at them, and drinking from a bottle. Matt comes up next to her.]

Matt: Since when are they a thing?

Caroline: I thought you were ignoring me?

Matt: I'm not ignoring you.

Caroline: You only said five words to me all summer, and those were four of them.

Matt: Maybe because every time I've seen you, you've been with him.

Caroline: Because he's my friend! Which is what I thought you were.

Matt: Aren't you guys supposed to be like mortal enemies? I mean isn't that how it works in vampire werewolf universe?

Caroline: Matt, shhhh! (Tyler looks at them.) What is wrong with you?

Matt: I don't know. I'm out of it...I guess. (Tyler looks at them again, and starts to walk up to them.) Sorry.

[Matt walks away.]

Tyler: What was that about?

Caroline: Nothing.

Sophie: Great party Caroline!

Caroline: (smiles.) Thanks! (Compels her.) Now leave it!

[Sophie walks away. Tyler looks at Sophie then at Caroline.]

Tyler: What the hell?!

[Caroline walks away into the crowd.]
[Cut to outside where Damon and Alaric is sitting.]

Damon: Andie wants me to pick her up.

Alaric: Your fake, compelled girlfriend wants you to be a chivalrous boyfriend?

Damon: Well, it's a complicated dynamic.

Alaric: Yeah.

Damon: Well, hold the fort down, will ya?

Alaric: You mean the fort full of my drunk history students?

Damon: Drink more, you will feel less weird.

[Damon jumps down and leaves.]
[Elena goes inside Damon's room.]

Caroline: This room's off limits!

[Elena turns around and sees Caroline in the bathroom.]

Elena: Caroline?

Caroline: Sorry. (She's holding a blood bag.) I just needed to take a beat. (She puts the bag down and walks up to Elena.) Are you hiding?

Elena: I was just looking for Damon.

Caroline: Well, he better be here somewhere because we haven't even done the cake yet.

Elena: I think I'm gonna pass on the whole cake thing.

Caroline: What? no, no way, no! It's your birthday! You know it's the dawn of a new day and, you can't get on with your life until you have made a wish and blown out the candles.

Elena: Is that what you all want me to do? Just get on with my life?

Caroline: No...Maybe...I just don't think anyone wants to see you like this.

Elena: I'm not gonna give up on finding Stefan, Caroline.

Caroline: Of course not. And you shouldn't, but you have to admit that you kinda just letting your life pass you by. And isn't Stefan the one who wanted to make sure that you lived it?

Elena: You want me to make a wish? I just wanna know that he's alive. That's it! That's my wish.

[She starts to walk away, but sees Damon's closet door is open a little bit and goes up to it and opens it.]

Caroline: I'm sorry, okay. I'm just drunk and dumb tonight. Wait, what are you doing..,?

[She sees all the notes and maps and articles that Damon has used to search for Klaus and Stefan. Caroline comes up to her too.]

Caroline: What's all that?

[On the door can be seen a post-it note with "Klaus" handwritten on it, a newspaper article cutout with the heading "DNA found at campsite", and another newspaper article cutout with the heading "Man vanishes Friday night".]

Elena: It's Klaus. Damon's been tracking him without me.

Caroline: Why wouldn't he just tell you?

[Another article cutout with the heading "Body Discovered at Drive-In" and post-it notes with "Stefan" and "Neck wounds" handwritten on them can be seen.]

Elena: I don't know.

WPKW9 Studio
[Damon is there looking for Andie.]

Damon: (Playfully.) Andie?

[His phone starts ringing. It's Elena.]

Damon: Party Central.

Elena: Where are you?!

Damon: Umm, by the...punch bowl.

Elena: Don't do that Damon, don't lie to me! I saw your closet.

Damon: Oh...Oh, I gotta, gotta go break up beer pong.

[Damon hangs up.]

Elena: Wait! Damon!

[Damon is still looking for Andie. He enters Studio 3 and finds her purse on the floor.]

Damon: Stefan. (Stefan is standing in the middle of the studio.)

Stefan: Hello brother.

Damon: You don't write, you don't call.

Stefan: Need you to stop following me. Causing some problems.

Damon: With who? Klaus? Are we supposed to care with he thinks?

Stefan: What you're supposed to do is let me go.

Damon: Saw your latest artwork in Tennessee. Walking a fine line there my friend. Keep that up and there will be no saving you.

[Stefan smiles.]

Stefan: See the thing is, uh, I don't need any saving. I just want you to let me go.

Damon: Nah, I got a birthday girl at home that's not gonna let me do that.

[Stefan nods.]

Stefan: You know, maybe I haven't made my point. Hey, Andie you still there?

Damon: Andie?

[Andie is standing on a ledge up in the rafters. Her voice sounds scared.]

Andie: Damon? I can't move Damon. He told me that I can't move.

Damon: No, no, no, it's okay, Andie. Stay calm. Not cool brother!

Stefan: Aw, come on! A little bit cool. Huh? Hey, Andie. You can move now.

Damon: No! No, no, no, no, no NO!

[Stefan grabs him and pushes him against the wall so he can't save Andie. Andie falls to the ground and her neck cracks. Stefan grabs him around the neck.]

Stefan: I said let me go!

[He lets Damon go and Damon runs over to Andie but she's already dead. He looks back but Stefan is gone.]

Salvatore Boarding House
[Jeremy is walking toward his car. He sees Matt in the parking lot, looking around.]

Jeremy: What are you doing?

Matt: I can't find my truck.

Jeremy: That's probably a sign you shouldn't be driving it. Need a ride?

Matt: You're more stoned than I am.

[Jeremy opens the door of his car and gets in. He gasps in shock when he sees that Vicki's sitting in the passenger seat.]

Jeremy: Ahh! What the...Vicki?!

Vicki: Help me.

[She disappears. The passenger door opens and Matt gets in.]

Matt: Hey. What'd you just say?

Jeremy: Nothing.

Matt: Did you just say "Vicki", as in my sister Vicki?

Jeremy: What? No, no. I, uh, I didn't say anything.

[Matt leans away. Jeremy starts the car and turns the headlights on. Suddenly he sees Anna standing in front of the car.]

Jeremy: No...

[Matt looks at him.]

Matt: What's wrong?

[Jeremy turns off the ignition.]

Jeremy: You know what, maybe we should just walk.

[Inside, Caroline is walking across the dancefloor, a little bit drunk.]

Caroline: Excuse me. Excuse me.

[She grabs a guy by the neck and lifts him so she can pass. Tyler intercepts her.]

Tyler: Hey! What is your problem?! You're pissed that I brought someone?

Caroline: Why would I be pissed? You brought a date. You're dating. That's...awesome.

Tyler: Okay, should I not be dating?

Caroline: Hey, you're horny all the time, right? I mean, a guy has needs.

Tyler: 'Cause if I shouldn't be dating, all you've got to do is say something. If you don't say something, then I'm going to keep dating.

Caroline: What would I say?

Tyler: Don't do that, Caroline! I've already been there once with you, okay, and you said no. You shut me down. I'm not going back there again unless you make it crystal clear that you...

[She kisses him. He kisses her back. They stop and stare at each other.]

Tyler: Let's get out of here.

Caroline: Uh huh.

[He takes her hand. Damon enters. Caroline presses the bottle against his chest and he takes it.]

Caroline: Hey! You missed the cake.

[She leaves. Damon looks around, puts the bottle on the table next to him and walks away.]
[Damon enters his bedroom. Elena's there and holds up a bunch of newspaper cuttings.]

Damon: What? What are you doing here?

Elena: Why didn't you tell me? Why did you keep it a secret?

Damon: Can we not do this right now? I'm having a really bad night.

Elena: All summer, every single time I came to you with a lead, you made me feel like an idiot for having hope.

Damon: You were an idiot. We both were.

Elena: Tell me what you know, Damon.

Damon: I know you need to get back to your party, Elena.

Elena: We're supposed to be in this together. Why didn't you tell me that you've been tracking Klaus' victims?

Damon: Because they're not Klaus's victims, Elena, they're Stefan's!

Elena: What?

Damon: He's left a trail of body parts up and down the eastern seaboard.

Elena: No. You're wrong.

Damon: I've seen it happen before. He's flipped the switch. Full-blown ripper.

Elena: Stop it, Damon.

Damon: No, you stop, Elena! Stop looking for him. Stop waiting for him to come home. Just stop! Stefan is gone and he's not coming back. Not in your lifetime.

[He looks slightly remorseful but can't find any words to say, so he leaves. Elena cries and touches her necklace.]

Gilbert Residence
[Jeremy and Matt are in the kitchen, eating ice cream.]

Matt: All right, I should probably go before Elena and Mr. Saltzman come home and see what a bad example I am.

Jeremy: You sure you can walk?

Matt: We'll see. Can I take the ice cream with me?

[He takes it and starts to leave but stops.]

Matt: What happened in the car, man?

Jeremy: Nothing.

Matt: Come on, man. You said, "Vicki". All right, you said my sister's name. Why? You said you were seeing things?

Jeremy: I've been seeing her.

Matt: I mean, I think I see her all the time, too. It's 'cause I miss her so much, though. You know, like, I want to see her so I do. Look, I know we've got our hands full with all the supernatural stuff in this town, but...ghosts?

Jeremy: Like I said, my head's all messed up.

[They both smile and Matt leaves.]

Southern Comfort Bar
[Ray is lying on his back on a pool table.]

Klaus: Okay, it's a three step process, Ray. This is step one. I want you to drink from my wrist.

Ray: I already told you where to find the pack. What more do you want from me?

Klaus: Have you been listening to a word I've been saying, Ray? I have great plans for you.

[He cuts his wrist and makes him drink his blood.]

Klaus: You'll thank me for it later, huh. There we go, attaboy!

[Stefan arrives.]

Ray: What are you going to do now?

Klaus: It's time for step two, Ray.

[He twists his neck, killing him and looks at Stefan. Stefan looks on unemotionally.]

Klaus: You're back.

Stefan: Did you doubt me?

Klaus: Not for a second. I knew you'd pass the test. You still care for your brother, for your old life.

Stefan: Nah, I don't care about anything anymore.

Klaus: You put on a good show Stefan. I almost believe you. Let's hope, for your brother's sake, he does. You never stop caring about family, do you? But, every time you feed, the blood makes it easier to let go.

Gilbert Residence
[Alaric is packing. Elena walks in the front door.]

Elena: What are you doing?

Alaric: Ahh. I'm not going to stay here any more.

Elena: What? Why?

Alaric: I'm not a role model. You know, I drink too much, I say the wrong things. You know, I encourage bad behavior. At school I can pull it together, but in my own life...You know, the way I miss Jenna, it's just, I'm really not any good to anybody right now. I'm sorry, Elena. You're eighteen. You can do all this alone now. You can do it better without me.

[He leaves.]

Lockwood Mansion
[Tyler and Caroline are kissing wildly and take their clothes off. Caroline, in her underwear, pushes Tyler on the bed with super strength and jumps on top of him and kisses him.]

Salvatore Boarding House
[Damon enters Stefan's bedroom and tears it apart. He breaks everything. He grabs a guitar but gets a hold of himself and puts it down.]

Southern Comfort Bar
[Stefan exits the bar and walks outside into the parking lot. After a while he stops walking and stands still. He takes his phone to call someone.]

Gilbert Residence
[Elena enters her bedroom and finds a Happy Birthday card from Jeremy on her bed's pillow. She puts the card on her chest of drawers and walks into her bathroom, putting her hair up. Her phones vibrates near the card. She doesn't notice it immediately. It's Stefan calling her. She comes out and answers her phone. Stefan stays silent.]

Elena: Hello? Hello? Stefan? Stefan, if this is you, you'll be okay. I love you Stefan. Hold onto that. Never let that go.

[Stefan stays quiet on the other end of the phone but nods tearfully.]

Lockwood Mansion
[Tyler is asleep. Caroline gets up from beside him, puts her dress on, takes her shoes and leaves the room. She goes downstairs holding her shoes to be quiet and is about to leave when she hears a sound, turns around, and sees Carol Lockwood. Caroline gasps.]

Caroline: Mrs. Lockwood. Hi.

Carol: Leaving so soon?

Caroline: I...I didn't mean to be so...I mean, we were just...I'm going to just...Get my purse. Okay?

[When Caroline touches her purse it burns her. Caroline's hand jumps off the purse and she screams in pain. Carol raises her arm with a vervain dart gun in her hand and shoots Caroline in the back. Caroline falls to her knees. Carol reloads and shoots her twice more in the back. Caroline falls on the floor, lying unconscious face-down.]

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

