


The Rager







Information


season
number




4
3






Navigation


previous
next




Memorial
The Five





Contents

Mystic Falls Hospital




Connor: Don't bother. It's a paralytic.




Connor's Trailer




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Good day for a midlife crisis. 164 years, I'd say you're due.

Stefan: 
 Elena's transition to vampire has been a little depressing. I'm gonna help her have some fun.

Damon: 
 Oh. Those who can't do, teach.




Stefan: 
 Ah, I see we're still fighting. Got it. Where you going?

Damon: That hunter jacked Tyler Lockwood of his werewolf venom last night, so basically, he's got vampire poison in a bottle. And I'm gonna find him, and I'm gonna eat him.

Stefan: 
 I'll go with you.

Damon: I don't want your help. I just want to kill this guy and get the hell out of town. Wasn't that the deal? Whoever Elena doesn't choose leaves?

Stefan: That was before she turned.

Damon: And I stayed to help. If I take you punching me as the first clue, I'm not wanted here anymore.

Stefan: 
 Listen, you blood-shared with my girlfriend, and I punched you in the face. You deserved it. Why don't you stop being dramatic?

Damon: No, brother, dramatic would be leaving before I kill this hunter.




Mystic Falls High School




Matt: 
 Kind of weird, doing this in our old makeout spot.

Elena: Thank you for doing this. I can't keep anything else down.

Matt: It's okay. I kind of owe you my life, remember?

Elena: Yeah, but I didn't make Stefan save your life so that I could turn you into a human blood bag.

Matt: Elena, please, just...
 Let me do this for you.




Matt: Was that enough?

Elena: 
 No. But, if I had anymore, I'm afraid I wouldn't stop. Here.




Elena: Thank you.




Matt: So, you really think school is the best place for you right now?

Elena: The vampire hunter knows that Damon's a vampire and that I know Damon. Hiding at home would be more suspicious. Besides, I want to be here. It's my senior year. I survived this long, there's no way I'm bailing before graduation.




Elena: 
 Town called for curfew?

Matt: Tyler got shot in front of half the town. Everyone's a little freaked.

Elena: If only they knew the real story.

Lockwood Mansion




Tyler: Who the hell are you two?

Carol: Tyler, it's okay. They're here for your protection.

Tyler: 
 More deputies?




Klaus: Not exactly.

Tyler: 
 They're hybrids.

Klaus: I was halfway to Chicago when I heard you were attacked. I had hoped to leave Mystic Falls for good, but duty calls.

Tyler: Nice to know you care.

Klaus: I don't. I should have killed you for the little stunt you and your friends pulled. Stopping my heart, leaving me in a coffin to rot.

Tyler: Yeah, well you used my body as an escape hatch, then kissed my girlfriend. So, maybe we're even.

Klaus: Not even close. But, you hybrids are a dying breed. I can't make more of you, and I won't have anyone taking liberties with the ones I have left.




Klaus: Consider them your new bodyguards.




Mystic Falls High School




Stefan: It's the first time we've been back in Alaric's classroom...

Elena: First period, and I'm ready to bawl my eyes out.




Rebekah: Morning, everyone.

Student: Morning, Bekah.

Elena: 
 Just like that, I'm no longer feeling sentimental.

Rebekah: So, I'm throwing a little anti-curfew party at my new house. Starts at fifth period and goes 'til whenever. Spread the word.




Rebekah: You're welcome to join, Elena, if you'd like to bury the hatchet.




Elena: It's a pretty enormous hatchet.

Rebekah: 
 Well, I'm feeling generous of spirit.

Elena: 
 New house, huh? Did your brother finally kick you out?

Rebekah: He didn't kick me out, I left.

Elena: So, you left the only person on earth that actually likes you?




Rebekah: Well, your boyfriend liked me once. 
 Actually, a lot more than once.




Stefan: Why are you still in town, Rebekah? Don't you have anywhere else to go?

Rebekah: Well, history's my favorite class. Actually, where is Mr. Saltzman...?




Rebekah: 
 Oh, that's right, I killed him.




Stefan: Just breathe, just breathe. You haven't felt this kind of rage before.

Elena: I hate her.




Elena: I didn't think I was capable of hate, but I hate her, and I hate that I hate her.




Elena: That's the hunter.




Stefan: What the hell is he doing here?




Elena: Jeremy. No.




Stefan: No, no, no. Hey, hey, let me get this. 
 Okay? I got that.




Heather: There you are. Rebekah sent me to see if you were okay.




Elena: 
 I'm fine, Heather.

Heather: I'm not.




Rebekah: What's wrong, Elena? Getting hungry?




Elena: 
 No, get-get away from me.




Rebekah: But she's so delicious.




Elena: You shouldn't be here. This is my school. It's my life. And I'm not gonna let you ruin it!

Rebekah: It's my school now. My life. Maybe you're the one who shouldn't be here. And I couldn't help but overhear that there's a vampire hunter roaming the hallways.




Rebekah: How inconvenient for you.




Rebekah: See you in gym. I think it's dodgeball day.






Jeremy: Do you mind telling me who you are and why I'm here? I mean, I'm happy to miss Bio but...

Connor: I looked into your family's history. You and your sister have been through quite a lot.




Jeremy: 
 What are you, a social worker? Why do you care?

Connor: Because you saw this.




Jeremy: It's a tattoo, big deal.

Connor: I call this a Hunter's mark. As in vampire hunter.

Jeremy: 
 A-a vampire hunter? 
 Look, I'm sorry, man, but...




Connor: Jeremy. I know your family's history in this town, so you playing dumb just makes you look dumb.




Jeremy: Why the show and tell? I don't even know you.

Connor: Because it's invisible to anyone but another hunter or a potential hunter. Find me a vampire, I'll train you, teach you how to do what I do. I'm on Hudson off Route 13. Don't show up unless you find one.




Jeremy: Well, how am I supposed to do that?

Connor: Why don't you start by asking your friend with the bandage on his neck?




Connor's Trailer




Damon: Um...Yeah.

Mystic Falls High School




Caroline: 
 It was a valiant first day effort. No one will judge you if you want to go home.

Elena: I don't want to go home. I want to take the white oak stake and kill her. That's how mad I am. She made me murderous!

Stefan: How about we just leave the murdering to Damon?




Elena: And-and then do what? Ignore her to death?

Stefan: 
 Look, she's trying to make herself feel better. She knows that everybody hates her, so she's trying to hate harder. Tell you what, let's just skip the rest of the day. Go have some fun. I feel like this day is severely lacking in fun.




Elena: Yeah. Okay, fine.




Elena: Then, we'll go to her party and show her that she can't intimidate me. I just have to go home and change first.




Caroline: Does she seem a little off-balance to you?

Stefan: Yeah, she's channeling all her emotions into rage. It makes her feel like she has purpose. I used to do that too when I was...you know.

Caroline: Ripper-you?

Stefan: Yeah. She needs to come to terms with it, confront it, let it in, before she can let it go.

Caroline: 
 You're good at this, you know that? You saved my vampire life, now you're saving hers.




Caroline: You should write a book. Go on The View.

Stefan: Hm.

Lockwood Mansion




Hayley: So, this is where you've been hiding, huh?




Tyler: 
 Hayley?!

Hayley: Hey, Lockwolf!




Hayley: Ass! I thought Klaus killed you.

Tyler: I should have called.

Hayley: From your trailer park in Florida? You liar!




Hayley: You're totally loaded!




Hayley: I chained you up all over the Appalachians. I talked you through every turn. I helped you break the sire bond. You could have told me your real story.

Tyler: I didn't want anybody to follow me back.




Tyler: Werewolves weren't safe around Klaus, and you shouldn't be here, either. His hybrids are all over this house, and so is he.




Hayley: I know. One of his hybrids is with a pack I ran with. He called me and told me that he was coming to protect a guy named Tyler, and I thought, tsk, what are the chances?




Hayley: Well, the least you could do is pour me some fancy, rich people scotch.

Tyler: Sure! Absolutely.




Connor's Trailer




Meredith: Why were you being so cryptic?

Damon: Come in. Close the door.

Meredith: 
 Tell me that is not a bomb.

Damon: Okay. It's a kitten. It's an adorable, exploding kitten.

Meredith: 
 Why didn't you call your brother?

Damon: Because I'm proud, and stubborn, and...oh, look! You're already here.




Damon: Come on, you're not gonna get hurt. All I need you to do is be doctorly and cut out the arrow. I'd do it myself, but if I move...




Meredith: 
 Don't!




Meredith: Okay.




Meredith: Okay.




Damon: So, how well did you know Pastor Young?

Meredith: He was a patient of mine. He was always a nice guy.

Damon: Nice, crazy guy. He wrote a letter about sacrifice and war brewing in Mystic Falls.




Meredith: What does he mean, "a greater evil is coming"? 
 Don't we have great enough evil already?

Damon: 
 You'd think.




Meredith: How did you get stuck on hunter duty?

Damon: 
 Stefan had a Physics test.

Meredith: 
 You are a good brother.

Damon: 
 I'm the bad brother.

Meredith: You're strung up to a bomb while Stefan plays vampire with the girl who broke your heart. But, you're doing a very good job of acting like it doesn't suck.




Meredith: Okay, I think that should be good.




Mystic Falls High School




Rebekah: Hey, Matt.




Rebekah: So, I'm having a little party. You should ditch last period and come.




Rebekah: Look, I know you're still angry I ran you off the bridge, but you have to understand-- Alaric killed my brother. He was trying to kill me. I had to do something to stop him. I never wanted to hurt you.




Connor: 
 What did you say last time? Hickies?




Connor: Kinky girlfriend. Who are you letting feed on you?

Matt: I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know where I got that.

Connor: Are you sure about that?




Connor: Tell me which one of your high school friends is a bloodsucker.




Matt: 
 It's Rebekah. Rebekah Mikaelson.




Connor: Thank you. And when you wake up, she'll be long gone.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Hope you plan on cleaning this up.




Elena: I need bourbon to get through Rebekah's party. Yours is better than Stefan's.

Damon: Top drawer in the dresser.

Elena: 
...Thanks.




Elena: You keep alcohol in your underwear drawer?




Damon: No.




Damon: But, you weren't looking for alcohol, were you? 
 Do you think I'd actually leave the last remaining white oak stake where any vampire could just walk in and take it?




Elena: What happened to you?

Damon: Hunter mishap.

Elena: 
 You know he was at my school today?

Damon: Yep. Jeremy told me.

Elena: Why were you talking to Jeremy?

Damon: Don't worry about it.




Elena: Damon, don't bring him into this.

Damon: Cherish the thought that he might actually be useful, Elena.




Damon: You staying for the show or...?




Elena: 
 I'm finding that stake.

Connor's Trailer




Connor: You got a vampire for me?

Jeremy: No, but I know where you can find one. There's a doctor, Meredith Fell. She uses vampire blood in surgery. I think she has a deal with one, her blood for his.




Connor: 
 You see, that's the problem. When a town protects one vampire, word spreads. More come, they feed, they turn. Soon, you got a full on infestation. Your high school, for example, is crawling with them. One's even throwing a party.

Jeremy: Is that where we're going?




Connor: Nah, we're going to the hospital. If any of those people are drinking at that high school party, I've got it covered. They'll be dead by sundown.

Rebekah's House




Stefan: Wow, we didn't have to be invited in. I wonder who used to live here.

Elena: Or who died here.




Stefan: You're fixating.

Elena: No, I'm just quietly hating.




Stefan: This is mine now.




Stefan: Thank you.




Stefan: Why don't you have a drink? It'll help you let go.




Elena: April's here. I'm gonna go say hi.

Stefan: And I am going to find something a little stronger than beer.

Elena: 
 Okay.




Lockwood Mansion




Caroline: I ditched Rebekah's ditching party.




Caroline: 
 What's with all the testosterone?

Tyler: Hybrids. I'm on house arrest.

Caroline: Says who? Your mom? 
 Come on, let's sneak out.

Tyler: Not my mom, Caroline.




Caroline: 
 You're kidding me. Klaus?




Klaus: You're a new face.




Hayley: And I take it from your accent you're an old one. Klaus.

Klaus: 
 My reputation precedes me. Hopefully not all bad.

Hayley: 
 A little bad. Mostly repulsive.




Klaus: So, you're a friend of Tyler's? That's strange, he's never mentioned you.




Tyler: You should go to the party. I'll be fine here.

Caroline: But, I'd rather hang with you.

Tyler: Trust me, I am no fun right now.




Klaus: And I think I know why.

Rebekah's House




Elena: Hey.

April: Elena! Thank God, I know someone.

Elena: I'm glad you came. 
 Are you thirsty?

April: 
 You know, you used to read me bedtime stories.

Elena: And now I'm giving you beer. Sounds about right.




April: Mmm, if my dad could see me now.

Elena: How are you doing with everything?

April: I'm trudging through my denial phase. Dreaming up conspiracy theories.




April: My first weekend home from boarding school, my dad smelled cigarette smoke on my clothes before I even walked in the door. He would have noticed a gas leak in the house.

Elena: So, you-you don't think that it was an accident?

April: I know there's no investigation, that everyone's calling it an accident. But, the shooting at the church? It just feels like...




Rebekah: Like something wicked this way comes? I know, right? It's like this town's cursed or something.

Elena: 
 Hey, April, why don't you go look around the house, and I'll find you in a little bit?

April: 
 Okay.




Rebekah: Did I forget to uninvite you?

Elena: Did you blow up her dad's house to get revenge on the Council?

Rebekah: 
 I don't give a damn about some dodgy, middle-aged Council. You come into my house, throw around false accusations and then you have the nerve to drink my beer?




Elena: My ring!




Elena: Give it back!

Rebekah: Get it yourself.




Elena: No!




Stefan: Damon give that to you?

Elena: Yes. Reluctantly. 
 Stefan, she's-she's not gonna stop. She's just gonna keep pushing and pushing--

Stefan: 
 Well, if you want to kill her-- 
-- I'm not gonna stop you. But see, here's what'll happen: it'll feel really good for about ten seconds, and then after that, tens of thousands of vampires all over the world will start to die. Every vampire she ever turned will die. See, rage is a really powerful feeling. But guilt? Take it from me-- it'll destroy you. So, you can either go after her, or you can get on the back of my motorcycle and we can get the hell out of here.




Rebekah: 
 Leaving so soon?




Elena: No. Not just yet.




Elena: I never got a drink.




Elena: 
 Now I'm ready to go.




Rebekah: 
 What the hell?

Lockwood Mansion




Klaus: 
 She's quite fetching, that Hayley.

Tyler: 
 Where is she?

Klaus: Oh, she had to run, but don't worry, I had her take the back door so Caroline wouldn't see.




Tyler: Whatever you think you know...

Klaus: I don't know anything, but I've put together a pretty convincing picture. 
 Why don't you tell me where my imagination deviates from reality?




Klaus: You went off to the Appalachians to break my sire-bond. There, you met a pack of werewolves, begged them for help. Among them was a girl. She was gorgeous, with the same animal instincts as you. Emotions ran high, inhibitions ran low--

Tyler: 
 --Stop it!--

Klaus: 
 --Then, in a moment of weakness, the thick sexual tension became something much more real.




Tyler: I said stop!

Klaus: 
 And Caroline has no idea.




Klaus: Hello, Damon.

Damon: 
 Klaus? Where's Tyler?

Klaus: Tyler's otherwise occupied, making big decisions about honesty and whatnot. Is there anything I can do?

Damon: I'm going after the vampire hunter, so if he'd like to join...?

Klaus: He wouldn't. I, however...

Countryside




Mystic Falls Hospital




Jeremy: That's her.

Connor: Stay here.




Connor: Is a hospital really the best place for a germaphobe?




Damon: Did I say that I was a germaphobe? Pft, sorry, I meant vampire.




Damon: Stings, doesn't it?




Klaus: Hello, mate.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: No!




Stefan: 
 Are you okay?




Elena: Stefan. What's wrong with me?




Stefan: 
 Damon said the hunter had werewolf venom.

Elena: Oh my God.




Rebekah's House




Matt: You don't look so hot.

Rebekah: Whatever it is, it's not the white oak stake, so it can't kill me.




Rebekah: I'm surprised you came to my party.




Matt: Well, I thought about it. You explained why you ran me off the bridge, so the least I could do is explain how I feel. The truth is Rebekah, I think you're amazing.




Matt: You've had a thousand years to learn, to grow, and to start fresh. And somehow you've managed to throw it all away. Now you're alone. You're compelling your friends. Your brother hates you. You whine about not finding love. The reason you don't find love is because you don't deserve it.




Mystic Falls Hospital




Damon: Keep it up, buddy. We'll be scraping you off the ceiling.

Connor: You two are gonna kill me anyway.

Klaus: Well, let's not be too hasty. I feel like we're just getting to know each other!

Damon: Let's start with the basics. Where are you from? What do you know? Maybe you can cue me in on this "greater evil," because I've fought this guy-- 
-- and there's nothing more evil than that.




Klaus: 
 Yeah, truth be told, I'm as evil as it gets.

Connor: I'm not telling you anything. And-- if you think if you kill me, it's gonna be over-- there's another waiting to take my place.

Damon: See, this is what I like to hear; vague threats, ominous prophecies, disappearing tattoos.




Klaus: What do you mean, tattoos?

Damon: Don't bother, you can't see the damn thing.




Klaus: There's more to you than meets the eye, isn't there?




Klaus: Nice try, but I'm faster than your average vampire.




Klaus: You're one of the Five.

Damon: The what?

Connor: And I'm faster than your average hunter.




Salvatore Boarding House




Stefan: Come on Klaus, where the hell are you?




Stefan: Hey.




Elena: Why am I thinking about you?

Damon: Because you're a vampire now. And part of you knows you're a lot more like me than you are like him.




Stefan: 
 You came.

Klaus: I did. And for future reference, one voicemail is just as effective as nine.




Klaus: What's wrong, love?

Stefan: She has werewolf venom in her system. You know you're the only one that can heal her, Klaus. Please.

Klaus: And what would you have done if I were no longer here? Hm? If you and your friends had succeeded in ridding the world of me? Let's play that game for a moment, shall we?




Stefan: Whatever you want from me...

Klaus: 
 I don't want anything from you.




Klaus: Her, on the other hand...
 If you had told me a few hours ago, I wouldn't have cared a lick about her dying. But, as it turns out...
 You may be of use to me after all.




Klaus: Yes. There we go.

Rebekah's House




April: Hey.




April: Way to bail on your own party.

Rebekah: I just. I needed a minute. Did everyone leave?

April: Yeah, deputies weren't actually super-happy about the anti-curfew party.

Rebekah: Why are you still here?

April: Um, honestly? Picking up trash is a hell of a lot better than sitting at home alone thinking about the family you no longer have.




Rebekah: Hey, uh, if you want, I could...I could help you look into what happened with the fire at your farmhouse.

April: What are you going to be able to do that I can't?

Rebekah: 
 You'd be surprised.




Mystic Fall Hospital




Carol: So, the sniper was inside?

Damon: Yep, still is. In tiny little pieces.

Carol: Good. I'll cancel the curfew and call off the extra patrols. I can't say I approve of your methods...

Damon: 
 I'll give a donation. You can name a wing after me, Mayor.




Jeremy: See? I told you I could be a badass.

Damon: Shhh, badasses don't say that. 
 Doc!




Damon: Nice job.

Meredith: You told me the plan was to lead him to the storage room.

Damon: And we did! Congrats.

Meredith: You left out the part about blowing up a hospital! With patients who are sick and fragile and who don't need things exploding down the hall from them!

Damon: It was contained. Nobody got hurt. Come on, buy me a farewell drink. 
 We'll talk about what the hell Klaus meant by "the Five."

Meredith: 
 You know you're not going anywhere, Damon. And I'm not your new partner-in-vampire-crime. Fix things with Stefan and Elena. Don't let your pride leave you all alone.




Salvatore Boarding House




Caroline: Hey.

Stefan: Hey. Thanks for coming.




Caroline: Not every day I get summoned by a Salvatore. So, what's up?

Stefan: 
 Do you remember what you were like before you turned?

Caroline: You mean an insecure control-freak?




Caroline: Yeah.

Stefan: You grew into yourself when you became a vampire. You changed. And Elena, she's changing too, and I want her to be able to enjoy it, without all the guilt and shame that I went through. And there was a moment today when she did. And when I'm with her, every bone in my body tells me to join her. To enjoy it. But, I know that if I do, even a little, I risk becoming him...the Ripper. I love her, and I don't want to hold her back.

Caroline: But you don't know how to be around her and still resist that urge.

Stefan: Damon promised he'd help me stay off the edge, but he and I...we're not in a very good place right now. Not when it comes to her. I just thought, you're so good at it, at being a vampire.

Caroline: 
 Because of you, Stefan. I'm good at it because of you. Come to me, whenever you want, and I won't let you lose control.

Gilbert Residence




Matt: Elena, hey! If I had known you were gonna go to that party, I never would have told Connor about Rebekah.

Elena: I already had this conversation with Jeremy. There's no way you guys could have known that I would go, I mean, I was surprised that I went.




Elena: Stefan warned me that I would feel things more powerfully, but Matt, the hatred that I felt today? I almost–I almost killed her, in front of everyone, in the middle of a party. That's not me. At least, it didn't–it didn't used to be.

Matt: Honestly, Elena, Rebekah kind of deserves it.

Elena: Yeah, but it's not just about Rebekah, it's about my mind.




Elena: I'm having these terrible thoughts-- these violent images and I-- it's all driven by one simple thing: this hunger.




Matt: 
 Hey, Elena, are you sure you want to take that much?




Matt: Elena. Elena, that hurts. Elena. Elena!




Matt: Elena! Elena!




Damon: Stop! Stop.




Elena: Oh my God. Matt, I'm sorry. I'm so-I'm so sorry. I didn't-I didn't mean to--




Damon: 
 It's okay. Forget what just happened. You came over, she fed a little bit, and you left. Now go home.




Elena: What have I done?




Damon: Nothing you should be ashamed of. You are a vampire now. You just have to learn the right way to be one. And I'm gonna teach you.




Connor's Trailer




Connor: You saved me.

Klaus: Congratulations, you just became worth more to me alive than dead.

Connor: What-what did you mean when you said I was one of the Five?

Klaus: You don't know your own history?




Klaus: Well, let's just say, it's made you the most well-protected vampire hunter in town.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
