


500 Years of Solitude







Information


season
number




5
11






Navigation


previous
next




Fifty Shades of Grayson
The Devil Inside





Contents

Bulgaria 1490




Doctor: Clear. 100 Joules.




Doctor: 200 Joules. Charged. Clear.




Mother: (in Bulgarian) A little more, dearest...a little more.




Mother: Push...a little more. A little more, a little more. Push!




Mother: It's a girl.

Katherine: A girl?




Katherine: Please, mother...let me see her.






Father: Woman, don't. What are you doing?




Katherine: Let me at least hold her once. At least once.

Father: Forget it. You have disgraced this family.




Katherine: Father, please. No. Father. No!




Mother: No, Katerina. It's better for her. It's better for her.

Katherine: No, mother, please.




Nadia: It doesn't make sense. I was just speaking with her. She sounded fine.

Stefan: The doctors think it was a heart attack.

Nadia: Trust me. Katherine Pierce is not going to die of a heart attack.




Doctor: Clear.




Doctor: Still no response.




Doctor: Come on. Let's get some O2 on her.




Nadia: We both know my mother. She will fight this.

Stefan: She's dying. Every single organ in her body is failing. Vampire blood can't save her. I compelled the doctors to let me take her home, so she's more comfortable, but...she's dying. They don't think she'll survive the rest of the day.

Caroline And Elena's Dorm Room




Mystic Grill




Matt: What the hell?

Caroline And Elena's Dorm Room




Caroline: Okay. Time to wake up, sleepy head.

Elena: No. I'm not leaving this bed.

Bonnie: Which is why we brought breakfast to you.




Elena: What's all this?

Caroline: This is your breakup breakfast!

Elena: My what?

Mystic Grill

Jeremy: Damon dumped Elena.

Matt: Why?

Jeremy: I have no idea.

Matt: Who spends two years pining after a girl, to dump her?




Damon: I can hear you, you dumbass.




Caroline And Elena's Dorm Room




Bonnie: So that's it? You're giving up?

Caroline: As she should! He did say, and I quote, "I'm a bad person. I am bad for you. And I'm choosing to let you go."

Elena: You memorized my break up?

Caroline: Of course I did.




Caroline: Drink this.




Mystic Grill

Matt: So you're sure it was just a fight?




Caroline And Elena's Dorm Room

Elena: I just have to face reality. When Damon makes up his mind about something, it's done.

Caroline: Yeah.




Caroline: It's Stefan.

Elena: Tell him I don't feel like talking.

Bonnie: 
 She doesn't feel like talking.

Caroline: 
 She doesn't feel like talking.

Stefan: Well, she's going to want to talk about this.

Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Rule number one: Name the worst thing Katherine Pierce has ever done. Rule number two: Toast to the glory of her impending death. Rule number three: If you come across something that's worse, which you will, repeat rules one and two. She pretended to be buried in a tomb for 145 years, while I waited for her lying ass.




Damon: Wait...Does that beat pretending to be Elena and kissing me on the front porch of your old house?

Jeremy: I don't think so.

Damon: I don't think so either. Damn.




Damon: Quarterback, go.

Matt: Uh...

Damon: Think on that.




Damon: Little Gilbert.

Jeremy: She fed me to Silas and I died.

Damon: Doozy.




Jeremy: Then, she made me crash my car into a pole and left me for dead...again.

Damon: Double doozy. Drink.




Matt: My sister's dead because of her.

Damon: Yes she is...Because I wouldn't have even been in town to turn Vicki into a murderous vampire if I wasn't trying to get Katherine out of a tomb she wasn't in.




Damon: Group shot!




Elena: Seriously?

Matt: Elena...We're were just...uh...

Elena: I know what you're doing. 
 You're cut off.




Elena: If anyone is drinking to Katherine's last days, it's going to be me.




Elena: She impersonated me...repeatedly. 
 Made Aunt Jenna stab herself in the stomach and she cut off Uncle John's fingers.

Jeremy: He might have deserved that.

Bonnie: My Grams died trying to close a tomb she wasn't in.

Caroline: Tyler's werewolf curse got triggered because of her.

Elena: Klaus followed her to Mystic Falls and because of that, we lost Jenna.

Damon: And Alaric.




Matt: We're going to need more booze.

Elena: She tried to kill me at least twice.

Caroline: She did kill me...Although I'm weirdly better off.




Katherine: They're talking about me, aren't they?

Stefan: They're reminiscing.

Katherine: It's fine. I'm sure I deserve everything they're saying.




Katherine: Does my hand look wrinkled to you?

Stefan: It looks fine.

Katherine: If I start to sag, anywhere, you take a knife and you jam it into my carotid artery immediately. Okay?

Stefan: Okay.

Katherine: What?

Stefan: You know, even on your deathbed, you're vain.

Katherine: Hey. If a girl's gotta go, it may as well be glamorous, right? 
 That's definitely an age spot.

Stefan: It's not an age spot, Katherine.




Katherine: You're being too nice to me. Why?

Stefan: You're dying. I think I can muster up a bit of compassion.




Matt: Nadia?






Damon: Rumor has it, she burnt down the entire city of Atlanta once.

Jeremy: That might win.




Stefan: All right. Knock it off or take it somewhere else. You guys are being insensitive.

Damon: Come on, Stefan. Don't let the sight of a frail, human Elena-look-alike cloud your memories of the manipulative psycho that she is.




Stefan: In 1864, Katherine moved into my home, she compelled me to love her, seduced my brother, fed us full of vampire blood and then started a war with the town that got us killed.

Damon: Exactly. Bottoms up.




Stefan: But, centuries before that, she was just an innocent girl that was shunned by her family. So for five hundred years, she lied and manipulated and did whatever she had to do to survive. And she did. She's a survivor, right? So that's the girl I will drink to today. Cheers.




Damon: Please. One night of hot sex with her and you're brainwashed?

Elena: What?!

Bonnie: What?!

Caroline: Oh my...I forgot to tell you. You were kidnapped and hostaged and...

Stefan: Bottle's empty...I should–

Damon: That's why you never send a busboy to do a man's job.




Damon: Nadia...the devil's spawn. Caroline, did you remember to tell Elena that?




Elena: I think my mind just exploded. Okay. Katherine's upstairs.




Nadia: Actually, I'm here to see all of you. I found a way to save my mother and I need some help.

Damon: Uh-uh. No way. Even my biased brother knows I will kick his ass from here to Kentucky if he helps Katherine Pierce live one more day on this Earth. No volunteers.




Nadia: I figured as much, which is why I found that old safe your brother spent the summer drowning in and buried it on this property with your friend Matt inside of it. Oh – without this.




Elena: What?

Farm




Nadia: I figured you two would be my volunteers.

Elena: Congratulations on your intuition. We're here. We volunteered. Now, tell us where Matt is.

Nadia: Matt will be freed once you help me get what I need.

Stefan: Which is what, exactly?

Nadia: I need a traveler. Katherine was born into a traveler bloodline. She can make herself a passenger in someone elses body, if a traveler teaches her how to do it.

Elena: Like your boyfriend, Gregor, hopped a ride inside Matt's body, until Katherine killed him, of course. Your mother killed your boyfriend! Why are we saving her again?

Stefan: Gregor was going to kill her and she was defending herself.

Elena: Oh please. Don't defend her. Especially now...

Stefan: ...Now that I slept with her? I'm sure you have plenty to say about that.




Nadia: We're here.

Elena: So we're just supposed to help you let Katherine take over someone's life?

Nadia: Not just anyone's life...mine. I'm going to make her passenger in my body.




Salvatore Estate




Jeremy: I don't see any freshly dug ground.

Bonnie: This property is massive.

Caroline: Hello? Is no one going to comment on the fact that Stefan slept with Katherine? I mean, that's kind of a big deal.

Jeremy: It doesn't matter. We've all slept with our fair share of bad choices.

Bonnie: No offense taken.

Jeremy: No. Obviously not you.




Caroline: Bonnie Bennett! Wait, did you two...




Caroline: And you didn't tell me?!

Bonnie: I didn't think I was obligated.

Caroline: Of course you were obligated! You're my best friend! Oh my god. Does Elena know that her little brother...




Bonnie (and Jeremy): (in unison) No.

Caroline: Oh, scandalous sex! Even better! God, how am I the only person on this planet that isn't having scandelous sex?

Jeremy: Why don't we split up and think about that?

Caroline: Good idea. We'll cover more ground that way.




Caroline: We'll cover more ground that way.

Salvatore Boarding House




Bulgaria 1492




Katherine: (rushing over to her mother's corpse) No! Mama.




Damon: What a mess.

Katherine: (confused) Damon?

Damon: Okay. I'll say it. 
 I miss Klaus. I mean, the way this guy use to torture you.




Damon: Sword in the daddy...nice touch.

Katherine: Get out of my head.

Damon: So tell me how this slaughter went down again? Oh, that's right. Klaus was going to kill you in a blood sacrafice and you, being you, ran for the hills. Only to come back to find your entire family had been massacred. So, if I'm adding this up right, your family's entire death was all your fault.

Katherine: (through tears) No. No. No.




Salvatore Boarding House




Sheriff Forbes: Put the pillow down, Damon.

Damon: Liz...

Sheriff Forbes: If you kill her, it's murder. I'd have to bring you in, lock you up...there's all that paperwork...

Damon: Every awful thing i've ever done is linked to her. She taught me how to kill. I don't enjoy it. She ruined me and I can't take any of that back.

Sheriff Forbes: Look at how much control she still has over you, Damon. Prove her wrong.




Salvatore Estate




Caroline (yelling): Matt! Matt, we're coming for you.




Klaus: Hello, Caroline.

Caroline: Klaus..

Abandoned House




Stefan (looking around the dark, barren room): Not exactly the Ritz...

Nadia: Travelers don't have much, They're always on the move, but on the plus side, sometimes, their services can be bought. I found one who named the right price.




Traveler: You brought them...

Nadia (revealing the identity of the traveler): Yes, Mia. Are you ready to make a deal?

Elena: What's going on?

Stefan: I have a feeling the right price for the deal was us.

Nadia: I'm sorry, but they asked for doppelgängers. No idea why.




Elena (to Stefan): Our rings...they are messing with them. We can't go outside.




Woods

Caroline: Sorry. Matt's buried alive. No time to chat.




Klaus: Are you not the least bit curious as to why I'm here?

Caroline: I literally just wooshed at the sight of your face, so no.

Klaus: Damon informed me that Katerina Petrova made a tragic turn.

Caroline: So, you're here to gloat over her corpse-to-be? Delight in the closure of five hundred years of revenge. Great. I'm even less interested.




Klaus: Well perhaps you'd be more interested in talking about Tyler.




Caroline: Is he...Did you...

Klaus: Nah. I sent him off with a little more than a bruised ego. He really does hate me, poor lad. Revenge...it eats at him. I hear you two broke up.

Caroline: Because I made him choose. Me, or his stupid revenge fantasy. He chose wrong. I suggest that you learn from his mistake and let Katherine die in peace. Dying sucks enough as it is...no need to rub anyone's nose in it.




Salvatore Boarding House




Sheriff Forbes: Here are the sedatives from the hospital. it should help with the pain.

Katherine (coming to): I don't want them. They make me weak and when I'm weak, he can get inside my head.




Sheriff Forbes: Okay. Suit yourself. They're right here if you want them.




Sheriff Forbes (to Damon): Still looking for Matt? Any word from Elena?

Damon: We're not on a speaking basis.

Katherine: Didn't you hear sherrif? He was so afraid to dirty her white dove feathers that he let her little wings fly free. And it was all my fault. Oops.




Damon (to Liz): That'll make her shut up for a while.




Mystic Falls 1864




Katherine: How much further until we reach this Lockwood plantation?

Emily: Won't be long now. We've just entered the town of Mystic Falls.

Katherine: Good.




Katherine (as the buggy comes to a stop): What is it now?

Emily: It looks like a gentleman is having problems with his carriage.

Katherine: At this rate, we won't arrive until sundown. What does it matter if...




Katherine: Who is that? He's so handsome. What do you say, Emily? Think that gentleman's family take in a poor orphan girl from Atlanta?

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon (to Katherine): What the hell was that?

Katherine: You never heard the real story of how I came to meet your brother. I want to think that this prophecy of the universe bringing the doppelgängers together is absurd, but the moment that I saw Stefan, I can't describe it...the out-of-the-way road, the downed tree, the broken down carriage. It just...sounded like fate to me.

Abandoned House




Elena (to Stefan): This isn't awkward.

Stefan: I guess we probably picked the wrong day to be in a fight, huh?

Elena: (smiling at Stefan) I'm sorry, okay? It's not my place to judge. Especially after everything you've been through.




Elena: You don't happen to speak Czech, do you?

Stefan: No.




Elena (in a panicked tone): Stefan...




Elena: It's okay. I guess they want doppelgänger blood.




Elena (whispering): Should we knock his head off?

Stefan: Depends. If I kill him, do you think the rest of these boards fall down?

Elena: Right. Blood it is.




Elena: Why aren't we healing?




Salvatore Estate

Caroline: Matt!! MATT!




Klaus: Would you give me the same choice?

Caroline: What?

Klaus: Were I to abandon my revenge against Katerina, would you give me the same choice as Tyler?

Caroline: I don't know what you mean.

Klaus: Yes you do.

Caroline: You can't do this to me. You can't just show up while my friend is missing and is in danger.

Klaus: You know, while you've been vamping off in all the wrong directions, I heard Matt's distant and desperate screams.

Caroline: Where?

Klaus: Don't worry love, I've got it covered. Trust me, He'll be quite happy with his rescuer.




Rebekah: I'm gone not three months and look at the trouble your in.




Salvatore Boarding House

Katherine (to Damon): Just go away. Don't you think that you've made your point?




Jenna: What point?




Jenna: Like this one?

Katherine (obviously confused): Jenna?




Jenna: Remember when you compelled me to stab myself?




Katherine: (crying out in pain) No! No!




Damon: Poor Aunt Jenna. I had to compel her to think she walked into that knife. She was so confused!




Katherine: (reaching over, trying to stop Damon from injecting her again) No! No! No more drugs!!




John: (using the same words she used when she chopped off his fingers in season 1 episode, "Founder's Day") Hello fingers, goodbye fingers.




Elijah: Enough!

Katherine: Elijah...




Elijah: Katerina.




Katherine (smiling at him): You're here.




Damon: I'm sorry, did you actually think that that was real? Nope. No one's coming to say goodbye, Katherine. Because no one cares.




Nadia: I do.




Nadia (to Mia): Come on. Let's get on with this.

Abandoned House




Stefan: I guess it's a good thing I'm not claustrophobic anymore.

Elena: That's what Katherine helped you with...Silas aftermath.

Stefan: She did.

Elena: Can I just hate her anyway?

Stefan: You can.

Elena: Thank you.

Stefan: But I don't. I know I should, but for some reason, I keep rooting for her to find peace. And Katherine's not the only one, you know. Damon keeps pushing you away because he hates himself...who he is, what he's done. Just remember that you never gave up on me. So don't give up on him. Don't let him give up on you either, okay?




Elena: So...that's it? All you needed from us was a bucket of blood?




Elena: Let's get out of here.

Stefan: Come on.

Salvatore Boarding House




Mia (to Katherine): Repeat this spell so I know you understand how the passenger works.

Katherine: I can't.

Nadia: Just say it. Jaryakat a zem. Daryeet acza. Say it and it's done. Your spirit goes inside my body and Mia will activate it by calling you forth and you get to live.

Katherine (to Mia): Can I have a moment with my daughter please?




Nadia: I know what you're going to say.

Katherine: We don't have time for this. Nadia, letting my father rip you out of my arms...it was the biggest regret of my life. I should've fought harder to keep you, but I didn't. So I spent the next five hundred years making sure I didn't make that mistake again. I fought for everything -- and in the process, I had a long, full life. And I got to know my beautiful daughter. You spent the last centuries searching for me.




Katherine: Don't waste another minute on me. It's your turn to live.

Nadia: You can't do this.




Katherine: Let me. I made selfish decisions all my life. Let me do the right thing for once.

Nadia: Fine. Then go. Leave me. Drift off into oblivion, but I will not sit by your side and watch you die.




Salvatore Estate




Klaus: So, the quarterback has been saved. What now?

Caroline: Don't you have a dying girl you need to go punish for her sins?

Klaus: I do, but I won't, for you.

Caroline (looking unconvinced): So you came all the way to Mystic Falls to back off when I tell you to?

Klaus: No. I came all the way to Mystic Falls to gloat over a corpse-to-be, as you so poetically put it, but I will leave - minus the gloating - in return for one, small thing.

Caroline: And what is that?

Klaus: I want your confession.

Caroline: My confession? I didn't do anything. Confession about what?

Klaus: Me. As soon as we're done here, I'm going to walk away and I'm never coming back. You'll never again have to look me in the eye and cover our connection with hostility or revulsion. And you'll never have to loathe the darkest parts of yourself that care for me, in spite of all I've done. i will be gone and you will be free. I just want you to be honest with me.

Caroline: I'm in college. I'm building a life for myself. I have plans; and a future; and things that I want and none of those things involve you. Okay. None of them.

Klaus: I see.

Caroline: No you don't. Yes, I do cover our connection with hostility, 'cause yes, I hate myself for the truth. So if you promise to walk away...like you said, and never come back. Then yes...I will be honest with you. I will be honest with you about what I want.

Klaus: I will walk away. and I will never come back. I promise.




Caroline: Good.




Salvatore Boarding House




Damon: Ouch.




Stefan: What the hell happened to you?

Damon: In a shocking twist, Katherine's daughter is a psycopath. Whew. She's all yours. I've had fun messing with her mind all day.

Stefan: Damon...

Damon: I know, Stefan. I know. It's been a rough couple of days. I needed an outlet, okay?




Stefan (to Katherine): Hey.

Katherine (groggily): These drugs are hardcore.

Stefan: Close your eyes. I came to say "bye".

Katherine: I want to see you.

Stefan: You will.




Stefan (seeing Katherine weep over a body): So this is the memory you came back to? A little dark, no?

Katherine: Damon already had his fun with this one. This was the worst day of my life. He said it was my fault; that I deserve everything bad that's ever happened to me. He's right...He was right, Stefan. I don't deserve to be loved.




Stefan: Open your mind to me.




Stefan: Look at your father...




Katherine: He's gone...What are you doing?

Stefan: You deserve to feel peace.




Katherine: Mother?

Stefan: You were a seventeen-year-old girl, Katherine. None of this is your fault.




Stefan (planting a kiss on Katherine's forehead): Goodbye, Katherine.

Elena (enters the room as Stefan sits back on the bed): Is she...

Stefan (interrupting her): Not yet. With these drugs...she won't wake up again.




Stefan: You know, I was in a dark place, Damon.

Damon: And Katherine pulled you out of it. Irony abounds.

Stefan: You know, whatever's going on with you and Elena...you need to fix it. She's the best thing that ever happened to you.

Damon: You think I don't know that? I can't live without her, but when you think about it, I'm no better than Katherine. Elena will be happier without me.




Damon: What? I'm being selfless. Don't give me that look.

Stefan: I'm not giving you a look.

Damon: Katherine-fricking-Pierce has a selfless moment, I'm not allowed to? Fine...fine...When I get Elena back, and the whole universe freaks out because the fated doppelgängers are torn apart, just remember you...you're the one who pep-talked me out of doing the right thing for the universe and all mankind.

Stefan: I will keep that in mind.

Damon: You do that.




Caroline: Hey.

Matt: Hey. Where have you been?

Caroline (removing a leaf from her hair and zipping up her jacket): In the woods...I got lost.




Caroline: So, what are we doing?

Jeremy: We are waiting for Katherine to bite the bullet.

Matt (to Bonnie): So...this anchor thing...Does that mean you'll be able to, like...feel Katherine's death...or whatever?

Bonnie: I think so...I mean, she's human, but she's also a doppelgänger...and a traveler, apparently.

Matt: So, who else do you see over there? Anybody I know?

Bonnie: I see lots of people: my grams, the other witches, Vicki...I just don't talk about it you know...because it's just...

Vicki (suddenly appearing in the room): Because it's depressing as hell.




Vicki: Tell Matty I love him.

Matt: What's happening?

Bonnie: She's here. She said she loves you.

Vicki: Tell him that I watch over him...and no more knocking around with that blonde Original chick who almost got him killed.

Matt: Wait...What's happening? What am I missing?




Tyler: Me.

Caroline: Tyler?

Tyler: Rebekah says to tell you that I'm her parting gift.




Tyler: Hey, Care.

Caroline (awkwardly): Hi...




Stefan: Have we really gone through four bottles of bourbon today?

Alaric: (suddenly making an appearance) Will somebody tell all of these idiots to lay off the booze?

Jeremy: Alaric!

Damon: Rick's here?

Jeremy: Where the hell have you been? I thought you bailed on us to go find peace, or something.

Alaric: Did you honestly think I'd leave Damon in charge and never look back?

Damon: He's talking about me, isn't he?

Jeremy: He says you're a dick.




Damon: Cheers, buddy.

Alaric: Cheers.




Bonnie: Katherine..

Damon: Ding dong. Does that mean the witch is dead?

Katherine: (freaking out) No. Uh-uh. It's too soon. I can't!




Elena: Wow. You really don't want to die, do you? I swear, I just heard your heart stop.

Katherine (in a panic): Where am I?

Elena: Still alive...sadly..

Katherine: Ohh. I thought I was a goner there for a second. I still have unfinished business.

Elena: So do I. I had this whole speech that I was preparing to give your unconscious body.

Katherine: Let me guess; hate, loathe, screw you, die bitch, et cetera.

Elena: Yes. Uhh...Plus, one more thing. I forgive you.

Katherine: You what?

Elena: I forgive you...You weren't born evil. Your life made you that way...You lost everyone that you cared about way too young and you didn't have a family that looked after you. Sound familiar?

Katherine: Is this the "we're not so different, you and I" doppelgänger speech? 'Cause I'd be happy to skip it.

Elena: I'll save it for the funeral we probably won't have for you..

Katherine: Perfect.

Elena: I just wanted to get the forgiveness part out...It's a part of me that I never want to lose.

Katherine: Good for you.




Katherine: Now, maybe you can help a girl out. Give me one more syringe. If anyone's going to plunge a needle in me one last time, it may as well be you. Symmetry...and all that.




Katherine: Elena. Thank you for your forgiveness.

Elena: You're welcome.




Katherine: Jaryakat a zem. Daryeet acza.




Elena: Hello?

Mia (on the other end of the phone): Vyjdi.




Nadia: Hello. Are you there?

Katherine: I'm here.

Nadia: Talk to me. Did it work?




Katherine: Of course it worked. I'm Katherine Pierce...I survive. I'll see you soon.




Katherine: Hi. I'm Elena Gilbert.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
