Woman: You were right.
Man: I told you.
Woman: It was really good.
Man: Yeah? I'm glad you liked it.
Woman: Yeah, thanks for inviting me.
Man: Do it again next weekend?
Woman: If you're lucky.
Woman: Oh god. Is he...do you think he's dead?
Man: I don't know. 
Man: Oh my god.
Man: 
Damon: 
Elena: You dragged me all the way to New York because you were feeling nostalgic?
Damon: No, I dragged you to New York because in a matter of three days, you managed to piss off everyone in Mystic Falls. A little more difficult to do in a city of millions.
Elena: I was hungry.
Damon: You were reckless.
Elena: Emotionless. There's a difference.
Damon: Look, all that matters is that when I lived here, I fed like crazy and had a blast and went undetected for years.
Elena: So...we're just here to have fun? 
Damon: There's no catch. Look, you wanted out, I got you out. You wanted to feed, I brought you to a city-sized, all-you-can-eat buffet. That's the beauty of New York-- there's so much life that a little death goes unnoticed. 
Stefan: Hey, what do you mean you took her to New York?
Damon: And that tone is the reason I didn't pick up the phone the first twenty times you called.
Stefan: Where is she now?
Damon: Out exploring. Maybe she's eating a hot dog...vendor.
Stefan: So I take it your search for Katherine is off?
Damon: Relax, man. This little joyride is actually a cure hunt. 
Stefan: And Elena's okay with this little field trip? Just yesterday she was living the vampire high life. She doesn't want the cure.
Damon: That's why I didn't tell her.
Stefan: Damon, if she finds out you're still looking for it, she'll bolt.
Damon: I'm aware of that, Stefan. What I'm hoping is that she's gonna be so wasted on booze and blood that she won't even think about it.
Stefan: Don't underestimate her.
Damon: If I can handle you when you flipped your switch, I can handle her. Trust me.
Stefan: Listen to me. She's ruthless without her humanity. The cure is the fastest way to get it back.
Damon: Just be a good brother and keep Mystic Falls afloat for me and let me do my thing. 
Klaus: Desperate times, I take it?
Caroline: 
Klaus: Not judging you, for starters, although if you are determined to get drunk, then perhaps I might recommend something a little more sanitary?
Klaus: Well, then. You showed me.
Caroline: 
Klaus: Depends. Do you happen to know where the young Brutus is?
Caroline: I know where he's not-- with me. And he gave Matt the deed to the house, so he's gone for good.
Klaus: 
Caroline: Oh I can, and I do. Now if you don't mind, I'd like to get back to spiraling, so go away.
Stefan: Actually, I asked him to be here. We need his help. I think Silas is in Mystic Falls.
Silas: Okay. Come on. Take a deep breath. 
Bonnie: I can't do this.
Silas: Bonnie, relax, okay? Trust me.
Bonnie: How can I trust you if you won't show me your real face? Don't you think it's a little creepy that you're appearing as my dead professor?
Silas: I told you that I'm Silas, I told you Shane died on the island. I'm trying to earn your trust.
Silas: All right. Look. You invited me into your home, right? Why? Why'd you lie to your friends and tell them everything was fine? Why did you convince your dad that you needed Professor Shane's help to control your magic? What am I doing here?
Bonnie: 
Silas: 
Bonnie: 
Silas: Yeah. You were with him, and you promised to protect him, but you failed. And now, in order to bring him back...
Bonnie: I need to get rid of the Other Side.
Silas: You are descended from Qetsiyah, one of the most powerful witches of all time. Only you can complete the triangle and cast the spell.
Bonnie: Completing the triangle means killing 12 people. 
Silas: Twelve people you can bring back. 
Klaus: So some blood went missing from a few hospitals. What about Elena? Don't vampires with their humanity off tend to overindulge in human blood, or were you the exception? 
Stefan: It's not Elena.
Klaus: Well, let's say for a moment that it was Silas. I'm struggling to see how this affects me.
Stefan: Look. Silas wants to die and be reunited with his one true love, but he's supernatural, so if he takes the cure and dies, he gets stuck on the Other Side.
Klaus: How Shakespearian.
Stefan: But if he destroys the Other Side altogether, he can take the cure, die, and pass on, but in destroying it, every dead supernatural being will return to our side.
Caroline: That means every werewolf, every witch, every vampire. I wonder how many of those you personally killed. Care yet?
Klaus: 
Stefan: Bonnie said Silas needs to complete three massacres to do this spell. Before Professor Shane died, he convinced the pastor to blow up the Council. Next, he had you kill your hybrids, and now he only needs one more massacre, so if he's here, that's what he's doing. We need to find him.
Damon: Looks about right.
Elena: 
Damon: Well, it's early. Hedonism isn't a big fan of the sunlight.
Elena: 
Damon: Easy, judgy. Not everybody got a hot new haircut today. 
Elena: How do you know?
Damon: Because I spent most of the seventies here. The Factory was too clean, CBGB's was too high-profile, but Billy's-- Billy's was the underground of the underground.
Damon: There you go.
Will: 
Damon: That's the third five-foot-seven brunette I've gotten for you, Billy boy. Is it that same client?
Will: She's a runner. Some vampires need more identities than others.
Will: Hey. Be discreet.
Damon: I kill people and give you their IDs, you let me feed in your club. Discretion was never part of the deal. 
Lexi: Hey.
Damon: Lexi.
Lexi: You're gonna feed on him right here? You're getting sloppy, Damon.
Elena: You got Lexied?
Rebekah: Following a lead without me? Poor form, Damon.
Rebekah: I have to say I'm a little hurt, Damon. 
Elena: Wait. What the hell are you talking about?
Rebekah: Damon's following a lead to the cure. I'm following him. Notice your name never came up.
Elena: 
Damon: 
Rebekah: Right. So you drove 7 hours to New York City?
Damon: Yes, and as I was explaining to Elena, before we were so rudely interrupted, that my history in this city has a particular resonance to her current situation. 
Lexi: That explains it. Your switch is flipped.
Damon: Ugh. Would you mind? I can't even hear my prey over your constant babbling.
Lexi: You're not even covering your tracks. We heard about you back in Mystic Falls.
Damon: So Stefan sent you? Hmm. I thought we were on the 'off' part of our endless on-again, off-again, eternity-of-misery cycle.
Lexi: Lucky for you he cared just enough to send me. So, why'd you flip it? What traumatic event was too much for Damon Salvatore to handle?
Damon: "Leave It To Beaver." The fifties bored me.
Lexi: Well, it's the seventies now, and keeping it off is gonna get you caught and killed.
Damon: I'll take my chances.
Lexi: I won't. I promised Stefan that I would--
Damon: 
Lexi: Too bad, because you got me.
Rebekah: Well, she sounds dreadful.
Damon: She had a Mother Teresa complex.
Elena: So let me guess. After many dark nights with Lexi, she convinced you to turn your emotions back on, and that's exactly what you plan to do with me. Hmm.
Damon: You read the last page of the book first, too? I'm gonna go get a drink. Many drinks.
Rebekah: So you really buy all this?
Elena: Not one bit. I know he's after the cure. I'm not stupid.
Rebekah: Well, let's not say things we don't mean.
Elena: 
Rebekah: 
Elena: No. He's playing me. I'm just returning the favor.
Caroline: What are we even looking for?
Stefan: Well, if Shane really was working with Silas, chances are he was helping him plan his next move.
Caroline: Where, on his evil villain to-do list? 'Steal blood, perform 3 massacres, pick up dry cleaning'?
Klaus: Actually, not to nit-pick, but we evil villains usually use minions to pick up our dry cleaning, that sort of thing.
Caroline: 
Stefan: Well, we don't know what Silas can do, so if we do have to go head to head with him, an Original hybrid who can't die might come in handy.
Klaus: Besides, Stefan and I work well together, or at least we did in the twenties.
Stefan: Well, granted my emotions were off.
Klaus: And that's why you were more fun, just as Damon is probably relishing in Elena's emotionless company in New York.
Stefan: My brother knows what he's doing.
Klaus: Does he? Don't underestimate the allure of darkness, Stefan. Even the purest hearts are drawn to it.
Klaus: Still, I'm sure it'll all be fine.
Caroline: 
Stefan: "In some schools of magic such as Expression, human sacrifice can be used as a focus for power. It is rumored that the addition of two supernatural sacrifices compounds the mystical energy, creating an Expression Triangle."
Caroline: 
Klaus: Well, I wouldn't exactly call it a failure. What's the third?
Caroline: 
Bonnie: You want me to kill witches?
Silas: We've been over this. It's temporary. They'll come back.
Bonnie: What if I'm not strong enough?
Silas: You are strong enough. Look, it won't be easy. Once they realize how strong you are, they'll channel each other one by one using spirit magic till they can strip you of Expression. You have to endure them until all 12 are linked as one.
Silas: Listen, your dad's here. We have to convince him.
Rudy: Hey. How was the session?
Silas: To be honest, not that great. The meditation isn't really working. Her magic's too strong.
Rudy: You told me you could help her.
Bonnie: Dad, it's-- it's not his fault.
Rudy: Not his fault? He's the one who taught you this magic, and now he can't control it.
Silas: Listen, we have an idea.
Rudy: I'm done listening to your ideas. I want you to get out of my house.
Bonnie: Dad!
Silas: If we just call on the spirits--
Rudy: I want you out of my house!
Bonnie: Wait!
Rudy: What the hell is happening to her?
Silas: This happened to my wife. Expression consumed her. She had no control.
Bonnie: 
Elena: Is this allowed? What would Lexi say?
Damon: Lexi thought the only way I would turn my emotions back on was if I started enjoying my life again.
Rebekah: Do not tell me she took you to Bon Jovi concerts, too.
Damon: No. Wrong decade. 
Lexi: Hey!
Elena: I'm hungry. 
Damon: Pick.
Elena: Don't scream.
Damon: Your turn.
Damon: Ugh. Packrat. Thanks, Will.
Bonnie: Is it just you?
Aja: This place wasn't easy to find.
Bonnie: Figured you wouldn't want to draw attention.
Aja: It'll work. I'm Aja.
Bonnie: You friends with my mom?
Aja: 
Bonnie: So she's not coming.
Aja: This is witch business. Look, I know you're scared, but I've dealt with Expression before. I know the hold it can have on you.
Bonnie: It's not that. I'm just-- I'm strong. You won't be able to do this alone.
Aja: Oh, honey, who said anything about being alone?
Aja: There's almost nothing as strong as a full coven, so I brought eleven of my closest friends. Won't be fun, but we're gonna cleanse you. You ready?
Bonnie: 
Elena: 
Rebekah: 
Elena: 
Rebekah: And what if you can't? I mean, he is stronger than you. You know, I could help you. You want the cure off the table, I wanna take it. We could work together.
Elena: Work together? Don't you hate me?
Rebekah: I hated the moral, self-righteous version of you, but this one's not so bad. Maybe it's your new haircut.
Elena: Do you remember what it's like to be human? Weak, fragile? Why would you wanna go back to that?
Rebekah: Because someday, I want a family of my own.
Elena: And that's exactly why I don't want your help. 
Rebekah: 
Caroline: There've been two massacres. Pastor Young's farm is here, and the old Lockwood cellar, where you spitefully slaughtered 12 of your own hybrids, is here. 
Klaus: Somebody's been skipping their geometry classes. 
Caroline: 
Caroline: 
Stefan: No, but I talked to her dad. I think I found Silas.
Aja: Call out to the spirits, Bonnie. Let them in.
Bonnie: Phesmatos tribum-- aah! 
Aja: It's because you've rejected the spirits. 
Bonnie: 
Aja: Purgal animum sous...
Bonnie: I don't wanna do this anymore!
Aja: Obscarus!
Bonnie: Let me go!
Aja: 
Witches: Phesmatos repallus tantian...
Witches: Maltuscanum anium par vas.
Aja: We need more strength!
Witches: Phesmatos repallus tantian maltuscanum anium par vas.
Damon: So Silas is appearing as Professor Shane. Wouldn't be my first choice.
Stefan: Well, it would be if you needed to brainwash Bonnie into committing a massacre.
Damon: You need me to come home?
Stefan: No, we got it. How's the cure search going?
Damon: Eh, not great. I mean, it's no massacre in the making, but Rebekah trailed us here. Then in addition to my buddy being a brilliant identity thief, he's also a hoarder.
Stefan: What are you trying to find?
Damon: Will had a repeat customer, 5' 7" brunette. Said she was a runner.
Stefan: Katherine.
Damon: Turns out I was helping her run from me. Ironic. Problem is I'm pretty sure that this filing system goes by birthdate, but I can't for the life of me remember Katherine's.
Stefan: June fifth, 1473.
Damon: And that, brother, is why you are the better boyfriend. 
Stefan: Well, you're welcome. So you headed back now?
Damon: Yeah, tomorrow morning. Gotta keep up the ruse for the terrible twosome outside, pretend like I'm having a good time.
Stefan: And you're not?
Damon: 
Elena: Let me guess. He's worried.
Damon: Jealous mainly. He's having acid flashbacks of me and Lexi in the seventies in New York. I'll tell you about it over a drink. Come on.
Damon: 
months: she was partying with me, showing me a good time, but late every night, she'd torture me in the worst possible way.
Lexi: Tell me about her.
Damon: No.
Lexi: What did she look like, what did she sound like? Tell me everything you remember about her.
Damon: Every night.
Will: And that's my cue. You have a nice fight. Try not to break anything. 
Lexi: Mmm.
Damon: Every night. 
Lexi: Because you loved her, and love is the most powerful emotion. If I can just get you to remember how you felt about her...
Damon: I don't wanna remember. I mean, why do you care so much?
Lexi: Do you remember how we first met? It was 1864. Stefan had just killed your father, made you turn into a vampire, and he was killing his way through Mystic Falls. You hated him. Rightfully so, but before you left, you asked me to help him because no matter what happened, he was still your brother, and you cared about him. Now you need help, and he cares about you. We both do. Let me help you. Tell me about Katherine.
Damon: Talking about Katherine's not gonna help me.
Lexi: Why not?
Damon: Because she's not the person I care about.
Lexi: It flipped. The switch. Why didn't you tell me?
Damon: Because I barely felt it at first, but every night, it's gotten stronger. It worked. 
Elena: You and Lexi? Here, on the bar? 
Damon: On the bar, on the stage, on the roof. It was a very long night.
Elena: 
Damon: Where you going?
Elena: 
Damon: 
Rebekah: 
Caroline: I just want to see where we are.
Klaus: You know, when we split up you did have the option of going with Stefan.
Caroline: Yeah? And leave Bonnie's life in your hands? Fat chance. Do you even know how to read a map?
Klaus: Yes, and do you know who taught me? My friend Magellan. 
Caroline: 
Klaus: Actually, I was referring to Damon and Elena when I said that, but clearly it struck a chord with you.
Caroline: It's because it's not true! There is no allure to darkness.
Klaus: 
Caroline: I did once, when I thought he was worth it, but it turns out some people can't be fixed. People who do terrible things are just terrible people.
Klaus: We're here, although judging by the lack of witches, here is not the correct location.
Aja: Yield to the spirits, Bonnie! You can't fight us!
Stefan: Stop! It's not what you think.
Aja: 
Stefan: She's working for Silas.
Aja: Silas?
Stefan: He brainwashed her to kill you.
Stefan: Wait. What are you doing?
Aja: If Silas has her, she's lost. We can't save her.
Stefan: Wait.
Aja: I have the power of twelve witches. You don't stand a chance!
Stefan: They're linked. Bonnie's gonna kill them.
Klaus: Not if the witches kill her first.
Caroline: Klaus, we need to save her.
Klaus: How? The only way to stop the witches is to kill them, and then Silas gets what he wants.
Aja: 
Klaus: 
Caroline: 
Bonnie: 
Elena: It's beautiful up here. I could do this, you know. The Lexi method. Hang with you, party with you. It wouldn't be the worst way to turn my emotions back on.
Damon: I thought you hated emotions.
Elena: I do. Maybe I'm just looking for an excuse to...spend more time with you.
Elena: 
Damon: You're not missing much.
Elena: 
Elena: What?
Damon: 
Damon: 
Lexi: 
Damon: 
Lexi: For what?
Damon: Oh, for the last six months of my life, for the nagging, for the self-righteous platitudes. I'm paying you back for six months of you.
Lexi: Your humanity isn't back on, is it?
Damon: Never was.
Lexi: So this was all just--
Damon: A joke! A big fat lie. 
Damon: Enjoy the day. I hear it's gonna be a scorcher.
Elena: So you pretended to have feelings for her just to get her off your back?
Damon: I was willing to do whatever it took. Sound familiar?
Elena: 
Damon: Not my feelings. I'm looking out for you because one day, you will flip that switch back on, and all the bad stuff that you did is gonna come rushing back, and it is going to suck.
Elena: So you're saying that you felt bad for Lexi?
Damon: She became a walking, talking reminder of all the awful things I'd done. And I managed to avoid her for decades, and then she just shows up in Mystic Falls to wish my baby bro a happy birthday, and boom-- rush of memories, rush of guilt.
Elena: So you kill her?
Damon: Out of sight, out of mind. Every day that you're like this is the day that you might do the one thing that you can't take back.
Elena: Here's what I don't get. You spent six months trying to get her to fall in love with you just so that you could hurt her. You were spiteful, malicious, borderline evil, and you say that you had your emotions turned off, but those all sound like emotions to me.
Damon: Maybe they were. Maybe hatred was the first one I got back. All the more reason to cure you. That way, we get the normal Elena back without all the ugly stages in between.
Elena: 
Damon: Yes, you are, even if I have to break your neck or tie you up in chains until we find it.
Rebekah: What was that you said about handling things yourself?
Stefan: Hey. How you feeling?
Bonnie: What are you doing here? 
Stefan: What do you mean? I-- I brought you home. The witches almost killed you.
Bonnie: What witches?
Stefan: You don't remember?
Stefan: 
Bonnie: How did I get off the island?
Stefan: Wait. Bonnie...what's the last thing you can remember?
Bonnie: I guess I remember being in that cave, and Jeremy was trying to pry the cure out of Silas' hands. Please tell me he got it. 
Stefan: Bonnie, there's something you need to know about Jeremy.
Klaus: There. Twelve graves for twelve witches. Like it never happened. 
Caroline: You were just gonna let Bonnie die.
Klaus: 
Caroline: 
Klaus: You tell yourself whatever you need to so you can sleep at night.
Caroline: 
Klaus: Hey. 
Silas: Thank you. Of the three massacres, this is the one I was dreading.
Klaus: 
Elena: 
Damon: Where are you?
Elena: 
Rebekah: 
Damon: You're in my car?!
Elena: 
Elena: I wish this could have gone differently, I really do, but we'll give Katherine your best.
Stefan: Damon, what did you do?
Damon: Let's just say it involves a 5' 7" brunette and her blonde accomplice.
Stefan: Please don't tell me this is going where I think it is.
Damon: Wrong fantasy, brother. Unless you're into betrayal and snapped necks. The lead I had on Katherine, Elena stole. 
Stefan: I didn't stop the massacre.
Damon: 
Stefan: Everything but the cure.
Klaus: I'm sorry, mate. 
Silas: 
Klaus: 
Silas: But I think I know what does. 
Klaus: Now where did you get that?
Silas: Well, let's just say your sister's mind is a little easier to read than yours. So...care to reconsider my offer?
Silas: I missed by an inch, but don't worry. I'm not trying to kill you, not just yet. 
Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.