

Nostalgia's a Bitch







Information


season
number




8
10






Navigation


previous
next




The Simple Intimacy of the Near Touch
You Made a Choice to Be Good





Contents[show]
Previously on The Vampire Diaries
DAMON: I wrote you a letter.

BONNIE: I'm not okay with never seeing you ever again.

PETER: Don't walk away from your family.

MATT: You know what? Growing up, out of my family and friends, I was the only one whose family didn't have a legacy in Mystic Falls. That could've changed everything for me.

DORIAN: The Maxwell heirloom and the tuning fork, those things fit together to make the hammer that swings inside a bell. When properly assembled, this bell becomes like a super-bell.

CAROLINE: You let them go.

STEFAN: You knew all along I'd have to kill people for Cade.

CAROLINE: Evil people and murderers. These girls are innocent.

STEFAN: Exactly.

CAROLINE: No!

CAROLINE: One day you're going to realize that you don't even remember what happiness is. Until then, just stay away from me.

SYBIL: Your humanity is going to flood back. You'll be consumed with guilt for kidnapping Ric and Caroline's children, for selling your brother's soul to Cade, for killing Tyler Lockwood. I'm not the thing inside your head you have to fear Damon, you are.

Salvatore Boarding House -- Caroline's Room/Woods
[Caroline is lying on her bed until her phone rings and she picks it up.]

CAROLINE: [Answers her phone] Good morning.

BONNIE: [Jogging in the woods] That was throughly unconvincing. What are you up to?

CAROLINE: Oh, you know, just motivating.

BONNIE: Translation - you are still in bed, moping about Stefan.

CAROLINE: Guilty as charged. Why are you breathing so heavy?

BONNIE: I'm jogging. I needed to get out, clear my head.

CAROLINE: What's on your mind?

BONNIE: Enzo. I need your advice. You want to grab breakfast?

CAROLINE: I'm the last person you should be asking for relationship advice.

[Heard on the phone.]
My fiance turned Miss Mystic Falls into a vampire just to spite me. So, no, I am not going anywhere.
[Covers her head in blanket.]
[Bonnie sighs as she opens the door to the Salvatore house.]

BONNIE: Fine. Breakfast in bed it is. How do you like your eggs?

[Closes door behind her.]
[Uncovers as she hears the sound of the door closing.]

CAROLINE: Are you really here right now?

[Sees Damon sitting on a chair in the living room.]

BONNIE: Damon?

CAROLINE: Wait, Damon's here too?

[Waves near him to check on him.]

BONNIE: Get down here, Caroline.

[Caroline is seen up in bed.]

BONNIE: Now.

TITLE CARD & CREDITS

Mystic Grill
[Dead bodies of a male and female are shown lying on the floor of the bar area.]

VIOLET: Hey, mister, I'm sorry. Please, just wake up.

[Stefan walks into the bar area.]

STEFAN: Aren't you a little young to be drinking?

VIOLET: You. You did this me, and now your making jokes?

[Checking out the drinks by taking bottle one by one to observe them.]

STEFAN: It's Violet, right? Just relax. Everything's gonna to be okay.

VIOLET: That's what Caroline said, but look.

STEFAN: You're angry. I get it, you feel like I forced you into this. Believe me, I can relate. My brother forced me into making a deal with the devil, so that I would turn innocent girls like you into monsters... so they'd do terrible things like this.

VIOLET: This, this isn't fair.

STEFAN: But life isn't fair, Violet. See, I gave you a choice. You didn't have to kill these people, but you did. You chose to feed. And that makes you the perfect offering for Cade.

VIOLET: What does that mean?

STEFAN: It's a little hard to explain. Probably easier if I just show you.

[He Stabs Violet with a stake and she dies.]

Salvatore Boarding House -- Living Room/Basement
BONNIE: What do you think happened to him?

[Sighs as she is observing Damon sitting still on the chair.]

CAROLINE: I'm guessing Sybil happened. But the real question is: what did she do to his brain this time?

BONNIE: Only one way to find out. Can you jump us both in there?

CAROLINE: Will you let me go back to bed if I tell you I can't?

BONNIE: Not a chance.

[Caroline offers Bonnie her hand, who takes it and Caroline touches Damon's shoulder to get inside his mind. Caroline gasps after getting out of his mind as it was seen that Damon was screaming while burning in his mind.]

BONNIE: What was that?

CAROLINE: I don't know. I... It was just fire and pain.

BONNIE: Then that's what Damon's feeling. Look, he's suffering.

[Damon has a tear coming down his face. Caroline hears a humming.]

CAROLINE: Wait, do you hear that?

[Humming coninues as she makes a face, possibly knowing who it is. Scene cuts to the basement in the Salvatore house as Caroline opens to door to the basement. She looks through the door, sees Sybil, who was waving with one of her cuffed hands. Walks in as she opens the door with Bonnie following her.]

CAROLINE: Well, looks like we have a rat in the cellar.

SYBIL: Are you annoyed? I always thought that was just your resting face. Let me guess. Damon's not feeling well.

BONNIE: What did you do to him?

SYBIL: I gave him what he wanted, I flipped his little humanity switch back on.

CAROLINE: Then why is he a zombie?

SYBIL: Well, I guess his mind couldn't handle all those memories and feelings rushing in all at once. But don't worry, I can fix him, as long as I get what I want.

BONNIE: You're crazy if you think we're letting you out of this cell. You'll mess with our heads, too.

SYBIL: That's the beauty of it... You don't have a choice. Pay the price or prepare to have a catatonic best man at your wedding. If you're still getting married, that is. (In a low voice.) I know it's looking a little bleak.

CAROLINE: What do you want?

Mystic Grill
[Police siren and radio chatter is heard as cops and medical examiner are in the back of the grill with a covered body.]
[Deputy sees Matt walking in where the scene is.]

DEPUTY: Hey, sheriff.

MATT: Knock it off, I'm a civilian now.

DEPUTY: I hope civilian life treats you better than that girl in the alley.

MATT: Who is she?

DEPUTY: Violet Fell. She was a contestant in the Miss Mystic Falls Pageant yesterday.

MATT: Where's the actual sheriff?

DEPUTY: Halfway to Duluth, Jenkins turn in his badge this morning. Didn't think a small town like this came with so many homicides.

[Matt's phone is ringing.]

MATT: One second.

[Goes to answer his phone.]

MATT: This isn't a good time.

CAROLINE: Well, this phone call's not gonna make it any better. I need the bell.

MATT: I just had my dad take it out of town to hide it. Why?

CAROLINE: Because I'm gonna give it to Sybil.

MATT: What? That's crazy, Care.

CAROLINE: I know, but Sybil basically fried Damon's brain, and now she's the only one who can fix him. We have to give her what she wants.

MATT: What she wants is the only weapon that can kill her. I mean, if we give it to her, how are we gonna stop her?

CAROLINE: I have no idea. All I know is that Damon is trapped in his own mind, and his mind is a volcano of pain and suffering.

MATT: Yeah, well, maybe that's what he deserves.

CAROLINE: You don't mean that.

MATT: Yeah, actually I do, Care. I'm standing at a crime scene right now where a bunch of people are dead. And one of them is Violet Fell.

[Hears in disbelief.]

CAROLINE: What? Oh, my God. (He Sighs.) Matt, I'm so sorry.

MATT: Are you? 'Cause no matter how many innocent people die, all anyone's ever concerned about is Stefan and Damon.

CAROLINE: You're right. I'm worried, okay? I know how messed up everything is right now. And if you won't do it for them, please, do it for me.

Salvatore Boarding House -- Living Room
[Screams are heard as Sybil is going through Damon's mind, showing him screaming in pain while being on fire.]

SYBIL: You weren't kidding. It's all fire and brimstone in here. This is gonna be a lot more complicated than I thought.

[Stops as she gets out of his mind.]

SYBIL: Okay, here's the deal. Consciously, Damon believes that he is in hell.

CAROLINE: What?

SYBIL: For some reason, Damon thinks that's where he belongs.

CAROLINE: Well, how do we change his mind?

SYBIL: Well, that's a question only Damon can answer. So I suggest you go in there and ask him yourself. Once you figure out what's holding him back, I should be able to repair the damage.

BONNIE: We already tried going inside his head, remember? Didn't go well.

SYBIL: Yeah, that's because you went through the front door. But lucky for you, I can get you in through the back... into his subconcious. All right ladies, grab on.

[Bonnie and Caroline grabs each of Damon's hands as Sybil starts to go into his head.]

Damon's Subconscious (Salvatore Boarding House)
[Bird chirping is heard as she sees the outside of the house.]

BONNIE: Guess the inside of Damon's head looks a whole lot like the outside. Okay, come on. Shouldn't take long.

[Enters the house with Caroline and looks inside of it. Henry is at the counter and he greets them as they enter as he is seen wearing a suit.]

HENRY: Good morning, welcome to the Salvatore Boarding House. Do you have a reservation, ladies?

CAROLINE: Um, I'm not sure. Do we need one?

HENRY: I'm afraid so, the house is at maximum occupancy.

BONNIE: We're looking for Damon Salvatore.

HENRY: Well, that's easy. He's right behind you.

[Points to one of the paintings. Bonnie and Caroline sees it's a painting of Damon when he was human.]

BONNIE: I take it back. This might take a minute.

HENRY: Mr. Salvatore was a bit of a hero during the war.

CAROLINE: Yeah, we know all about that, but where is he right now?

HENRY: You do understand I mean the Civil War?

BONNIE: Hold on a sec. You're Henry. Damon told me he saved your life during the War, so where is he?

HENRY: I'm going to have to ask you both to leave. Now!

Salvatore Boarding House
[Caroline and Bonnie are back in reality, out of Damon's subconscious.]

CAROLINE: Damn it.

SYBIL: What was that about?

CAROLINE: How are we supposed to know?

SYBIL: Well, what did Damon say?

BONNIE: He didn't say anything because he wasn't there.

SYBIL: That's impossible, it's his mind.

CAROLINE: You're the one that did this to him so un-impossible it. Fast!

SYBIL: Believe me, I'm trying, but if you guys can't find Damon then there's nothing I can do.

STEFAN: Hey, maybe I can help. Sorry I was eavesdropping.

CAROLINE: Stefan.

STEFAN: Hello, Caroline.

CAROLINE: I told you to stay away from me. What are you doing here?

STEFAN: I made a mistake. I'm here to convince you to marry me.

[Stefan takes a long pause.]

STEFAN: Nah, honestly I'm just here because when you killed me last night. Cade and I had a little chat and it turns out Hell needs more souls than I've been providing and it's time for Damon to do his part. Just wake Damon up so he can earn his keep and we're good.

CAROLINE: We are trying.

STEFAN: More like failing. You do know what he's doing, right? Damon's humanity is on which means he's all emo and afraid of owning up to what he did when it was off. When we were kids, he used to hide out every time he did something wrong until I'd find him and tell him everything was gonna be okay. So. all you need to do is find out where he's hiding in there and do the exact same thing. By the way, why are you helping them?

SYBIL: I need the Maxwell Bell before my sister uses it against me so I'm willing to play ball with whoever can deliver it.

STEFAN: Well, I'll see what I can do. In the meantime, fix this.

SYBIL: All right, you heard the man.

Damon's Subconscious (Mystic Grill)
CAROLINE: Well, he's not at his favorite bar stool, drinking imaginary bourbon to wash his guilt away, so now what?

BONNIE: Damon's in here, all right. If this is his subconscious that means he's responsible for everything that happens, including this animal attack.

[Bonnie holds up a newspaper showing the supposed animal attack from the pilot.]

BONNIE: All we have to do is follow the clues and they should lead us right to him.

CAROLINE: At which point we do what? Just blindly forgive him for all the hideous things he's done to us over the years?

BONNIE: I forgave him before. I can do it again.

CAROLINE: Say that once more. With feeling.

VICKI: Hey, guys.

CAROLINE: Vicki Donovan?!

VICKI: Yeah, Caroline Forbes. Last time I checked, that's my name. Are you guys here for lunch? Follow me.

BONNIE: That's creepy.

CAROLINE: But on the bright side, Damon bit Vicki in that exact spot, you remember. Follow the clues.

Mystic Falls Cemetery -- Vicki's Grave
MATT: I told the Fells I'd help pick out a plot for their daughter. I've done it before so...

PETER: Is this really why you brought me back? Huh, to kick my teeth in for something I can't change.

MATT: No, it isn't. But while you're here, Dad, do you even remember Vicki?

PETER: Honestly, I try not to remember. I blame myself for what happened to her.

MATT: You're not the only one responsible. What if I told you the person who killed Vicki was suffering right now and that that bell could either save him or make sure he keeps being punished.

PETER: I say let him suffer.

Damon's Subconscious (Mystic Grill)
CAROLINE: I mean, it's weird, right. If I built a world in my own mind, I would make it a happy place, unicorns required. But Damon killed Vicki so why would he want her hanging around?

BONNIE: She's leaving, c'mon. Let's follow her.

CAROLINE: I don't think we're the only ones working this case.

[Caroline sees her mom sitting at a table.]

CAROLINE: I forgot how pretty she was.

BONNIE: I'll tell you what, I'll talk to Vicki, you talk to your Mom.

CAROLINE: No, she's not real, Bon.

BONNIE: I know. But if I were you I'd still have some things to say.

[Bonnie follows Vicki outside.]

BONNIE: Hey, Vicki, wait up.

VICKI: What's up, Bennett? You need more ketchup? I'm off the clock.

BONNIE: You haven't seen Damon Salvatore, by any chance, have you?

VICKI: No. Gotta go.

BONNIE: Are you sure? Maybe he had something to do with that bandage on your neck?

VICKI: Ok, so now you're officially pissing me off. So why don't you come out and say what you really want to say.

BONNIE: I thought that he maybe...

[Vicki peels off her bandage.]

VICKI: There, you happy?

BONNIE: Is that what I think it is?

VICKI: A hickey. So slutshame me all you want but this didn't come from Damon Salvatore. I haven't even heard that name in all my life.

Damon's Subconscious (Mystic Grill)
CAROLINE: Hi, Mom.

LIZ: Hey, sweetie. Something wrong?

CAROLINE: Oh.

[They embrace in hugs.]

LIZ: I'll take that as a yes. My finely honed detective skills tell me this is probably about a boy.

CAROLINE: (She laughs) You're right. Damon Salvatore.

LIZ: Which one is he?

CAROLINE: I know, it's all a little confusing. Damon was, um, is in the Founders' Council and he's sorta your best friend. Or he became your best friend.

LIZ: Honey, I'm sorry but I have no idea what you're talking about. Who is Damon Salvatore?

CAROLINE: Damon is a vampire. The one behind your so-called animal attack.

LIZ: How do you know about that?

CAROLINE: Mom, really, it's fine. I need to find Damon just as bad as you do. So, I was thinking, maybe we could team up. Whaddya say?

[Liz spills vervain on Caroline.]

CAROLINE: Aah!

LIZ: I'd say the vampire I've been looking for is my own daughter.

[Bonnie reenters the Grill, sees Caroline being forced to leave.]

BONNIE: Caroline?

CAROLINE: Bonnie, find Damon.

LIZ: I'm warning you, Bonnie, stay out of this.

Clock Tower -- Outside
[Inside Peter welds the bell.]

SELINE: Thanks for the call, Matt. I've been waiting a long time for this day.

MATT: I'm not doing this for you.

SELINE: Whatever. All I care about is you're willing to destroy my sister but you get brownie points for letting me know that she's currently unable to defend herself.

MATT: Just tell me how this works.

SELINE: It's easy. Once your dad finishes welding the bell back together, you or he rings it twelve times.

MATT: There's gotta be more to it than that. What are you not telling me? Why do we have to ring it?

SELINE: I know. It's a silly rule but your bloodline forged it so your bloodline has to do the honours. I mean, at least if you wanna kill a siren or keep Damon trapped in that mental hell of his.

STEFAN: Can't let you do that Matt. Oh, and Ripper tip, if you're plotting to murder someone you should probably keep a lower profile.

MATT: Since when do you care about people dying?

STEFAN: Since about an hour ago when I decided I needed that bell.

SELINE: Wait, why do you want the bell?

STEFAN: Long story short, Cade needs more souls and your sister's better at making deals than you are.

SELINE: I doubt that. I think I can offer you something better than Sybil.

STEFAN: Do tell.

Salvatore Boarding House
[Sybil hums, sees blood coming out of Caroline's nostril]

SYBIL: That's not good.

Damon's Subconscious (Mystic Falls Police Station)
CAROLINE: (Moans in pain) Mom why are you doing this to me?

LIZ: Because you are a vampire, Caroline. I'm ashamed to know I raised the monster that's killing the people I'm supposed to protect.

CAROLINE: No. I told you Damon is the one who's doing it, not me.

LIZ: Stop saying that name.

[She raises a metal shutter to release sunlight.]

CAROLINE: Oh, Mom, please, no you know it. Just stop hurting me for one second and think.

[She closes the shutters.]

CAROLINE: Damon Salvatore. Stefan's brother.

LIZ: Stefan Salvatore doesn't have a brother. I checked the town records. Damon died a long time ago. So please just accept the truth and this will all be over.

CAROLINE: I'm telling you the truth. And I'm not leaving here until I find Damon.

LIZ: Damon is dead.

CAROLINE: No.

[Shutter rises]

CAROLINE: No, you are.

[Shuts shutter]

LIZ: What?

CAROLINE: You got sick and you died, Mom. And you wanna know who was there for you the whole time? It was Damon.

LIZ: Stop it, Caroline. Stop making excuses.

CAROLINE: Believe me. I never thought I would see the day. Damon was a monster and he did terrible things to me and my friends and I used to hate him for that.

LIZ: So why are you here enduring all this pain and all this suffering for him?

CAROLINE: Because he was the only person who truly understood how much it hurt to lose you. And as strange as it sounds, that made me forgive him for everything else.

LIZ: Bye, Caroline.

CAROLINE: Mom, wait! Mom. Mom!

Salvatore Boarding House
[Blood is coming from Caroline's nostril.]

CAROLINE: Mom.

SYBIL: I was almost really worried about you for a second. But then I got over it.

CAROLINE: What just happened?

SYBIL: Well, Stefan was right, forgiveness is the key to reaching Damon but just not yours. I hope your friend has better luck.

Damon's Subconscious (Sheila's House)
GRAMS: Hey, sweetie.

BONNIE: I didn't know if you'd be here. Wow, he even, he even got the sweater right.

GRAMS: You ok, child? You look like you've seen a ghost.

BONNIE: I need your help Grams.

GRAMS: This should help quiet your mind. Now, what's all the fuss about?

BONNIE: My friend's in trouble. I need you to do a locator spell.

GRAMS: Magic, huh. You know what I say - always comes with a price. Now, who exactly you looking for?

BONNIE: Damon Salvatore.

GRAMS: Name doesn't ring a bell. Is he related to Stefan?

BONNIE: They're brothers.

GRAMS: Well then, forget about it. I do not get involved in vampire business and I suggest the same for you.

BONNIE: It's way too late for that. Pretty much all of my friends are vampires now. I'm even in love with one.

GRAMS: Bonnie Bennett, are you trying to kill me?

BONNIE: I've never been this happy Grams. I'm so close to the life I've always wanted. Please help me find Damon so I can get back to it.

GRAMS: Now that's cheating. You know your happiness means everything to me. But rules are rules, I'm going to need something that belongs to Damon if you want me to find him.

BONNIE: He wrote me a letter, once. He was trying to apologise to me. Must be around here, somewhere.

GRAMS: Have you gone soft in the head, child? This is my house.

BONNIE: And it's Damon's head. And that means if you're willing to help, deep down Damon wants me to find him. But if he ever wants me to know what this says he's gonna have to read it to me himself.

GRAMS: C'mon. Concentrate with me.

Clock Tower
PETER: Matt. What's going on?

SELINE: We were just outside talking about how Stefan needs to send more souls to Cade so I offered him a couple thousand by tonight.

STEFAN: And then I said that sounds too good to be true and Seline said 'follow me' and now you're all caught up.

SELINE: You want those souls. All you gotta do is make sure that bell rings. Twelve times, to be exact.

MATT: Hey, that wasn't part of the deal.

SELINE: Oh, did I forget to mention the fine print. Well, you all know that the bell is capable of destroying a siren. What you don't know is that it does it with hellfire. The world Cade created is really a massive psychic imprint of the moment of his death. He was burned at the stake which means his domain is pretty much a ball of fire. The tuning fork disrupts that energy and when it gets amplified by the bell, it rips a hole open straight to Cade.

STEFAN: Sounds dangerous. I like it.

SELINE: You have no idea. See, when the door between this world and Cade's gets cracked open the hellfire it unleashes doesn't just wipe out any siren in its proximity, it wipes out everything for miles. In this case...

MATT: All of us and Mystic Falls.

SELINE: I plan on being long gone before that happens. So what do you say, Stefan? Will this entire miserable town be enough souls for you to betray my sister?

Salvatore Boarding House
[Caroline is pacing]

SYBIL: Would you stop that. It's annoying. Not to mention it shows a complete lack of confidence in Bonnie.

CAROLINE: I have 100% confidence in Bonnie.

SYBIL: Not sure the feeling is mutual. I shouldn't be telling you this because I snatched it out of her head but, who am I kidding, it'll wound you deeply so it'll be fun. If Bonnie really was your bestie, don't you think she would've told you that she's planning on giving the cure to Enzo?

CAROLINE: She wants to give the cure to Enzo? She asked for my advice, we just got a little distracted.

SYBIL: Always the case when it comes to the things she wants, isn't it?

CAROLINE: Are those her feelings or yours?

SYBIL: Does it matter if you had to ask?

Damon's Subconscious (Salvatore Crypt)
SHADOWY FIGURE: You shouldn't be here, Bonnie.

BONNIE: Damon, is that you?

TYLER: Please leave. Or I'll make you.

Clock Tower
STEFAN: That siren is evil to the core.

MATT: You're not destroying our town.

STEFAN: Aren't I? Because it's caused me nothing but trouble and the emotional hold it has over Damon is worse than a Hallmark card.

MATT: You're forgetting one small detail. You need a Maxwell to ring that bell and I'm not touching it.

STEFAN: Oh, yes, you are, Matt. And when you do cause the deaths of all these innocent people I get to mark your do-gooder soul for Cade. It's a win-win.

PETER: Stay away from him.

STEFAN: I'm sorry, who are you again?

MATT: If you compel me, you're making the choice for me and all that blood would be on your hands, not mine. So how badly do you want me to go to Hell?

STEFAN: Pretty badly. So here's the deal. The choice is yours, Matt but you have to follow your heart.

MATT: What's that supposed to mean?

STEFAN: It means that if you don't want to ring that bell, you have to forgive Damon for killing your sister. And if you can't then you have to ring that bell twelve times by the top of the hour. No excuses. See ya, Matt.

Damon's Subconscious (Salvatore Crypt)
TYLER: I told you to go.

BONNIE: You can't make me leave.. Damon led me to this crypt because he wanted me to find a way to save him.

TYLER: You can't save him, Bonnie. Damon killed me. That makes me the only one who can ever forgive him for that.

BONNIE: Damon's done a lot of things, Tyler. Things he's gonna have to spend the rest of his life atoning for. And I know that's scary but I believe he can do it. He just has to believe he can.

TYLER: Damon Salvatore is dead and if you ask me, good riddance.

BONNIE: I'm sorry, Tyler, that is not how this place works. And I just figured out how it does.

Salvatore Boarding House
CAROLINE: Hey, you ok?

BONNIE: You need to get Stefan back here.

CAROLINE: Why?

BONNIE: Because, in Damon's mind, he lived and died as a human being. He never became a vampire. It's the only way he can imagine keeping the people he loves safe.

SYBIL: So what?

BONNIE: So our forgiveness isn't what matters. Damon needs to talk to Stefan.

STEFAN: Just so we're clear, you calling me isn't why I'm here. I'm on a tight schedule so please, no talking.

SYBIL: Any luck with that bell?

STEFAN: Work in progress. Any luck with my brother?

SYBIL: Work in progress.

[Stefan clicks fingers in Damon's face. No reaction]

STEFAN: If this is some kind of trick...

BONNIE: Don't worry. All you're gonna find in there is the truth.

[Stefan enters Damon's mind, finds himself in a graveyard]

STEFAN: Seriously, Damon, a graveyard? Could your subconscious be any more generic? That was a joke. Look, I just wanted to drop in, to let you know we're cool. Whatever you think you did to me, whatever's holding you back, it's fine. Why don't you just get your ass out here and go back to work?

DAMON: Hello, brother.

STEFAN: Sweet gargoyle, bro.

DAMON: You know, you probably shouldn't be wandering around here all alone. There's a killer vampire on the loose in my head.

STEFAN: Why don't we just cut to the chase, huh? I'm here to forgive you, Damon

DAMON: You must not have gotten the memo. You see, Bonnie helped me work through my issues. And you have the reason for your visit backwards.

STEFAN: Okay, then. Enlighten me.

DAMON: You're not here to forgive me, Stefan. You're here so that I can forgive you.

Clock Tower
PETER: Hey, just look, I don't know, can't you find a way to forgive Damon?

MATT: Not in the next 10 minutes. Probably not ever. Ok, look, I need you to get out of here. Go to the cops and save as many people as you can, ok. There's no reason both of us have to die.

PETER: Me running is the whole reason we're in this mess, Matt.

MATT: Here's the difference, Dad, I want you to abandon me this time. Cos when I ring that bell all hell"s gonna break loose, literally.

PETER: Leaving you and your sister was the biggest mistake of my life and I'll be damned if I'll do it again.

MATT: No, Dad, you'll be damned if you don't.

PETER: Maybe so, but if you wanna ring that bell, Matt, you're gonna have to go through me.

MATT: Don't you get it, Dad, I will go through you, I'm compelled. I'm ringing that bell. Unless you kill me.

PETER: What?! Matt. No. NO!

MATT: You have to kill me. No matter what you do, I'll keep coming. I'll probably kill you in the process. Please, Dad, I'll die a hero. My life will mean something.

PETER: I'm not laying a hand on you, son.

MATT: You've been a crap father your whole life, why stop now?

Damon's Subconscious (Graveyard)
[Stefan chuckles]

STEFAN: You're kidding me, right. Think of all the ways you have ruined my life for the last century, including the fact that I am working for Cade right now because of you and you seriously believe that you're the one who should be forgiving me.

DAMON: You're right. I'm a monster. But, like I said, I forgive you.

[Stefan punches Damon]

STEFAN: I have nothing to apologise for.

DAMON: Then why are you here, Stefan? Huh? Why are you always there to straighten me out when I go off the rails? C'mon man, you're not here for Cade. You're here because you blame yourself for turning me in the first place. Apparently I still do too. At least until today. I officially forgive you.

STEFAN: Shut up!

DAMON: I forgive you Stefan.

[Stefan repeatedly punches Damon]

STEFAN: Why aren't you healing?

DAMON: Remember that vampire I was warning you about, running around in my head? Well, it's not me. It's you. It's always been you, Stefan. So, for the last time I forgive you for making me what I am. I absolve you of all the death and destruction I have caused as a result. And you wanna know why? Because you're my brother. And I love you and there's nothing you can do to ever change that.

STEFAN: See, about that. You wanna forgive me for something bad, Damon? Well, how about this. I'm about to burn Mystic Falls to the ground.

DAMON: What the hell you talking about?

STEFAN: Hell is what I'm talking about. So before that beautiful brass bell rings, forgive me Damon. I dare you. And while you're at it, forgive me for coming here and trying to save you. Forgive me, for having the tiniest shred of guilt about leaving you to die with everyone else, for not seeing that the only way to get rid of you is to let you go up in flames with the rest of the damn town.

Clock Tower
[Bell rings]

MATT: C'mon, Dad, do something.

Salvatore Boarding House
CAROLINE: Bonnie! Bonnie!

SYBIL: Seline has the bell. You lied to me.

STEFAN: Yeah, sorry. That was my bad. Oh, c'mon, don't look like that at me, Caroline. This is what you wanted, right? Til death do us part.

[Damon wakes, grabs Stefan's heart.]

DAMON: You're right, little brother. I can't forgive you for destroying our home town. Cos I ain't gonna let it happen.

[Pulls Stefan's heart out.]

Clock Tower
MATT: C'mon, Dad, do something please. Dad, get up. Nine, ten. Dad, you're gonna have to kill me. Dad, c'mon. Eleven, please.

PETER: I am so sorry, Matt.

MATT: I forgive you.

DAMON: Let's hope that one doesn't count.

Clock Tower -- Outside
DAMON: How you feeling, sport?

MATT: Like I just had my head rammed into a large metal object.

DAMON: Hashtag you're welcome. Your dad was looking kinda rough, too. I put the Hell Bell in the back of his truck and sent him on his way. You're not gonna do something stupid like chase after him, are you?

MATT: Well, since Stefan compelled me to ring the bell by 9pm. I'd say we're in the clear. For the record, it's hard to thank you for something's that pretty much your fault.

DAMON: Hey. Matt! I'm sorry about Vicki. I know you'll never forgive me for what I did. I should've told you this a long time ago.

MATT: Let me guess, your emotions are back on, huh.

DAMON: Yeah. It's gonna be a bumpy ride.

MATT: Well, you did just save my father and pretty much the entire town so it counts for something in my book.

DAMON: Does that mean we're good?

MATT: Not by a long shot. But you keep on like the way you did tonight, I'm not ruling anything out.

DAMON: Fair enough. Need a lift?

MATT: Nah, gonna stop by the police department. Hear Mystic Falls needs a sheriff.

DAMON: Always did like the sheriffs in this town.

Salvatore Boarding House -- Basement
STEFAN: Wow, you really can't take a hint.

CAROLINE: Actually I can. So before you try tearing me down again I am fully aware that Damon means more to you than I do.

STEFAN: Then why are you here?

CAROLINE: Because I love you, Stefan. The other you, the good you. But this quarter of a man I'm staring at isn't you, not even remotely. So, if Damon is the answer to getting your humanity back, not me, fine. I will do whatever it takes. Then we will love each other forever or we won't. We'll make our relationship work or we won't. But either way, I'm getting you back.

Salvatore Boarding House -- Outside
DAMON: Hey.

BONNIE: Hey, stranger.

DAMON: Looks like I'm interrupting a reflective moment.

BONNIE: It's fine. I'm reflecting on the good things for a change.

DAMON: Wish I could say the same thing.

BONNIE: What you did while you were under Sybil's control wasn't your fault, Damon. You didn't have a choice.

DAMON: "Dear Bonnie. I'm a coward. I should be saying this to your face, not writing this letter but I know if I do, you'll talk me out of running away from all my problems. You're gonna make me face the future without Elena and you're gonna help make me the best man I can possibly be, same way she did. And I'm absolutely terrified of failing you both. So I'm leaving, because I'd rather let you down once than let you down for the rest of your life. And I hope it's the happiest life because you, Bonnie Bennett, are an amazing woman, a mediocre crossword puzzle player and my best friend. With great love and respect, Damon."

BONNIE: Gotta admit, it's a hell of a letter.

DAMON: I'm so sorry I left. It won't happen again.

Diner
SELINE: Why am I here, exactly? You are aware I just tried killing you.

SYBIL: Can we stop, please, with the snarkiness and the attitude and the petty revenge schemes. It's exhausting.

SELINE: I don't know. Can we?

SYBIL: If Damon and Stefan Salvatore can make amends, then anything's possible.

SELINE: Ok, I'll give it a shot. If you'll apologise for screwing me over with Cade.

SYBIL: Me, apologise to you? You're the one who turned me into a cannibal and sold my soul into servitude and abandoned me for over a century.

SELINE: You're right. And I'd do it all again. Because you've always been the weak one.

SYBIL: Fine. Screw forgiveness.

CADE: My beautiful children. You're still broken after all these years.

SYBIL: Cade.

CADE: In the flesh.

SELINE: How are you here?

CADE: The bell rang 11 times. One shy of hellfire upon this earth but enough for me to pay a visit.

SELINE: We can do better, we'll work together.

CADE: That won't be necessary. I'll handle it from here.

[Both sirens burn in hellfire.]

See More
The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.



