


Growing Pains







Information


season
number




4
1






Navigation


previous
next




The Departed
Memorial





Contents

Gilbert Residence




Elena: Stefan?

Stefan: Hey. I'm right here. You've been in and out for hours.

Elena: Wh-what happened?

Stefan: You were in an accident.

Elena: Oh my God. Matt is he...?




Damon: Alive? 
 Ask Stefan. The hero.




Stefan: He's fine.

Elena: Thank you. I thought that I – how did you...?

Damon: Save you? He didn't.

Stefan: When Jeremy brought you to the hospital before all this happened, your injuries were worse than anyone knew. Meredith Fell made a choice, she used Damon's blood to heal you.

Damon: And when Rebekah ran Matt's truck off the road, you had vampire blood in your system, Elena.




Elena: Oh my God. Does - does that mean that I – am I dead?




Elena: No, no, no, no! That wasn't supposed to happen!

Stefan: Maybe it doesn't have to. I talked to Bonnie, she says she's stronger than ever, there might be something that she can do to help you.

Damon: No, the only thing that's going to help is for you to feed and complete the transition.

Stefan: We have all day before she has to feed, Damon. That's a day to exhaust every possible way out of this.

Damon: There is no way out of it. We all know the drill. You feed or you die. There is no door number three.

Elena: 
 I was ready to die. I was supposed to die. I don't – I don't want to be – I can't be a vampire! If there's something that Bonnie can do we have to try.

Stefan: We will. We'll try everything.




Damon: Your choice, Elena. As always.




Damon: Way to get her hopes up for something that's never happened in the history of vampirism.

Stefan: You know what, you weren't there the day Elena looked me in the eye and told me she absolutely never wanted this.




Damon: Then you shouldn't have let her die.

Stefan: I never meant for her to die. She asked me to help Matt first and I did.

Damon: And now the world has one more quarterback. Bravo, brother.




Stefan: I made a choice that I will regret for the rest of my life. Now let me try to fix it.




Elena: Jer!




Jeremy: Are you okay? I watched Vicki go through this, she was a mess. Her emotions were all over the place. All these old memories came flooding back.




Elena: I'm fine. I'm not Vicki.

Jeremy: No, you're not. You're you. You act like everything's okay so no one worries about you but you need help.




Elena: 
 I said I'm fine, okay? I – I'm sorry, I....Have you talked to Bonnie?

Jeremy: Yeah, she said when I was shot; she made some plea to the witch spirits to bring me back and they listened.

Elena: Yeah, but the consequences were horrible.

Jeremy: And what could be more horrible than you turning into a vampire? I need my sister, not another one of them.

Elena: We're gonna find a way out of this. Everything's gonna be okay.

Jeremy: I hope so.




Lockwood Cellar




Tyler/Klaus: It's beautiful, isn't it?




Bonnie: What is that doing here, Klaus? The deal we made with Tyler was that you'd leave his body and jump into someone else's the first chance you got.

Tyler/Klaus: Yes, when I assumed I'd be a pile of ash. But apparently, fate and oxygen intervened and there I am.




Tyler/Klaus: Put me back.

Bonnie: I can't right now.

Tyler/Klaus: Your history teacher outed Tyler and Caroline to the Council. They're on a war path and this body's vulnerable.

Bonnie: I have to help Elena before she has to feed.

Tyler/Klaus: Elena's dead and no longer my concern.

Bonnie: You're forgetting who just saved your life.




Tyler/Klaus: And you're forgetting that I could rip your tongue out. Now put me back.

Bonnie: If I can keep Elena human, you'll still have an endless blood supply to make your hybrids. Isn't that what you really want?




Tyler/Klaus: Same rules apply. No one knows. No one. Do you understand me, Bonnie?

Mystic Falls Hospital




Meredith: Pastor Young! To what do we owe the honor? And don't tell me it's your blood pressure again.

Pastor Young: Honestly, Dr. Fell, I wish it were.




Pastor Young: Blood bank's in the basement. One of you sweep the rooms.

Meredith: What are you doing?

Pastor Young: Adding a few security measures. The blood in this place has a habit of flying off the shelves.

Meredith: Who gave you that authority?

Pastor Young: The Council. They've entrusted me to secure the town and unlike some of our founding families, I don't have conflicting interests.

Meredith: What is that supposed to mean?

Pastor Young: Alaric Saltzman told us everything, Meredith. Probably time to start looking for a new job.




Matt: Elena doesn't want to be a vampire.

Caroline: She doesn't want to be dead and now she's not. This isn't your fault, Matt.

Matt: It's all my fault. I was driving. I was saved. She's a vampire because of me!

Caroline: Shh! Cool it on the V word. I'm a fugitive, remember? I'm supposed to be halfway to Florida by now.

Matt: If the Council is after you, then why are you here?

Caroline: Because I don't know where to go. 
 Tyler's dead and everything's different now and I...




Matt: Can I help you?

Officer: Sorry.




Officer: All good here.




Lockwood Mansion




Carol: What's going on?




Pastor Young: We just need to ask you a few questions about your son.

Carol: You can't arrest me! I'm the Mayor of this town!

Pastor Young: Not anymore, you're not.

Mystic Falls Town Square




Pastor Young: Sorry, Liz, you're not going to work today.

Sheriff Forbes: What are you talking about?




Sheriff Forbes: What's going on?

Pastor Young: They're taking your badge. You're not fit to protect us anymore.

Sheriff Forbes: You have no idea what you're up against.

Pastor Young: On the contrary, Liz, I've already taken your deputies. We've got the entire town's supply of vervain, including the stash found in the Salvatore house. We're making our move.

Forbes Residence




Caroline: Mom, hey!

Sheriff Forbes: Caroline, where are you? And tell me it's far away.

Caroline: Where am I? Uh...Good question. Uh...there's just a whole lot of boring highways. Why, is everything okay?




Sheriff Forbes: Caroline, what's going?!

Gilbert Residence




Stefan: It's disgusting.

Elena: 
 No it's, um...

Stefan: It's disgusting.

Elena: Yeah, I'm gonna puke.




Elena: I never thought I'd be saying this, but I can't stop thinking about blood.

Stefan: I should have saved you first. You shouldn't be going through this right now.

Elena: No, if you had saved me, then Matt would be dead. What do you think I'd be going through then?




Elena: Stefan, listen to me. You did the right thing. You did what you always do; you respected my choice.

Stefan: And what am I supposed to do if Bonnie can't figure out a way to help you, huh? Because then you have another choice to make. Either let yourself die or be a vampire.

Elena: Well then, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.




Elena: Oh my God, did - did I just say "cross that bridge"?




Stefan: You're laughing. I'm pretty sure you don't actually think that's funny.

Elena: 
 I – I can't stop though.

Stefan: Your emotions are a bit heightened today. A lot heightened.




Stefan: Hey. Shh, shh. It's okay. It's okay.

Elena: I'm sorry. I...




Stefan: Listen to me. No matter what happens, I'm here for you. I can help you.




Stefan: Why don't you go back upstairs where it's dark? I'll clean up.




Elena: I thought you left?

Damon: Cute PJs!




Elena: I'm tired, Damon.




Damon: I brought you this.

Elena: I thought that was gone. Thank you.




Damon: I just have to say something.

Elena: Why do you have to say it with my necklace?

Damon: Because what I'm about to say is probably the most selfish thing I've ever said in my life.

Elena: Damon, don't go there.

Damon: No, I just have to say it once. You just need to hear it. I love you, Elena. And it's because I love you that I can't be selfish with you. Why you can't know this? I don't deserve you, but my brother does.




Damon: God, I wish you didn't have to forget this. But you do.




Klaus' Family Mansion




Rebekah: You should know better than to sneak up on a lady.

Damon: Good advice. Have you seen one?




Rebekah: Tragic about Elena. Not to make a grey cloud greyer, but does Matt even have automobile insurance?




Gilbert Residence




Elena: Stefan?

Stefan: Elena, don't move.




Lockwood Cellar




Tyler/Klaus: Ah, you incessant woman!




Tyler/Klaus: Hey, mom. What's up?

Carol: Tyler, thank God. Are – are you okay?

Tyler/Klaus: Fine. Why? What's going on?

Carol: 
 Pastor Young had me arrested this morning. The Council grilled me on your whereabouts. Tyler, don't tell me where you are, the less I know the better.

Tyler/Klaus: Mom, I'm okay. Relax.

Carol: You didn't answer your phone, honey. I was so scared that you were with Caroline.

Tyler/Klaus: Why? What happened to Caroline?

Carol: The Council took her.

Tyler/Klaus: What do you mean they took her?

Road




Caroline: Vervain ropes. Looks like Alaric outed us all to the Council.

Rebekah: The Council? What exactly do they think they can do to me?




Rebekah: What the hell happened?




Caroline: 
 Tyler?

Tyler/Klaus: I'm harder to kill than you think.




Caroline: 
 You're alive? How are you alive?




Tyler/Klaus: No time. Come on, we've got to go.

Rebekah: Wait, what about me?




Tyler/Klaus: Keep 'em busy, little sister!




Rebekah: No. That's not possible!




Gilbert Residence




Damon: They're gone. Whoever nailed Rebekah, took them too. Please tell me you have something. Anything.




Sheriff Forbes: I can't. The Council locked Carol and me out of our offices. Files, computers, everything.

Damon: So, the Mayor and the Sheriff never contemplated a backup plan, Liz?

Meredith: Damon, relax. When Caroline called to say she got away; did she know where they were planning to take her?

Sheriff Forbes: No. Just that she was in some van in the middle of nowhere and she managed to escape.

Damon: Perfect. We've narrowed it down to nowhere.




Matt: Hey, is Elena here?




Damon: In what world are you the one that gets to live?!




Meredith: Damon, stop! It wasn't his fault!

Sheriff Forbes: Let him go, Damon! Now!




Pastor's Ranch




Pastor Young: You still want to be a writer? I remember how you'd read your short stories to my daughter when you'd babysit. She still loves writing because of you.

Elena: Why did you bring me here?

Pastor Young: My deputies can watch out for us here. No vampires have been invited in. Look, Elena, I know it sounds crazy, but years ago it was your parents who were advocating having an emergency plan like this. I never thought we'd actually have to use it.




Pastor Young: Elena? Elena, you okay?




Elena: Where's Stefan?

Pastor Young: Where he can't hurt you.

Elena: He would never hurt me. You have no idea what you're talking about.

Pastor Young: Well, I know that wherever you go, Salvatore vampires seem to follow. You hungry?

Elena: No.




Pastor Young: So, we'll hold Stefan until Damon comes searching for you two. We'll use Rebekah to lure her siblings back into town. You'll give us the white oak stake and then we will exterminate the entire vampire race for good.




Pastor Young: Is something wrong? Elena, are you okay?




Elena: Yeah.




Elena: No, I've got to get out of here.




Pastor Young: Get her!




Woods




Caroline: I never thought I'd see you again! I don't get it. How are you alive?

Tyler/Klaus: This is going to sound incredible, but I....




Tyler/Klaus: But...




Tyler/Klaus: Easy, love. Wrong time. Wrong place. Wrong equipment.

Caroline: But you're miraculously alive. We're fugitives on the run. All signs point to hot hybrid vampire sex.




Caroline: Did you just call me "love"?

Tyler/Klaus: I don't know, love. Did I?

Caroline: What the hell did you do to Tyler?!




Tyler/Klaus: That's what I enjoy about you. So much more than a pretty face.

Caroline: Oh my God, you're Klaus. You're disgusting!




Tyler/Klaus: And you're a glorious kisser.




Tyler/Klaus: Listen, I didn't have to risk exposure to come save you.




Caroline: Oh, you do one semi-decent thing and now you're my hero? Oh, I need to go sanitize my mouth!

Tyler/Klaus: Your mouth was all over me. I was an innocent victim.




Caroline: Put Tyler back!

Tyler/Klaus: Gladly. Then maybe I'll take you up on your offer of hot hybrid sex.




Old Witch House




Bonnie: The spirits aren't listening.

Jeremy: Was that it? Is that all we can do?

Bonnie: There's something else I could try.

Jeremy: What? Do it.




Bonnie: If the witches won't help me save Elena, then maybe I can go to the Other Side and bring her back myself.

Jeremy: The Other Side? The Other Side is for dead people.

Bonnie: She's still in transition. Not fully dead, not fully alive. What if her spirit still exists on both sides?

Jeremy: Even if it does, how can you get there? You're not dead.




Jeremy: No! No, Bonnie!

Bonnie: I was able to stop your heart to stop Klaus'; I'll do the same thing to myself. Witches have free reign on the Other Side. I will find Elena and I will bring her back with me.

Jeremy: Assuming you wake up!

Bonnie: I'm stronger now. I found a new source of power.

Jeremy: A new source of power?! What kind of power is going to let you kill yourself and bring someone back with you from the dead?

Bonnie: Do you want Elena back or not?

Gilbert Residence

Sheriff Forbes: With your vervain and Alaric's weapons; they could be anywhere.

Damon: Come on, guys, think. It takes a lot to hold a vampire. Reinforced steel, iron doors.

Matt: The Pastor has a cattle ranch. 
 Those pens could easily be modified.

Meredith: It's remote, it's secluded.

Damon: 
 Well, guess what? Looks like you get a chance to prove how sorry you really are. Let's go.




Pastor's Ranch




Rebekah: I thought I killed you.

Elena: Where am I?

Rebekah: They thought you were a vampire, so they stuck you in here with us.

Elena: Where's Stefan?




Stefan: Elena, I'm right here. Are you okay?

Elena: Stefan.




Elena: I didn't feed.




Rebekah: Ahh, I see what's going on here. You died with vampire blood in your system and you didn't feed and now you're locked up in here without a drop of human blood in sight. That is a problem.

Stefan: Just ignore her.

Rebekah: Has anyone done the math or shall I? I'd say you've got less than three hours to feed before I get to watch you die all over again.




Rebekah: My day just got a whole lot better.




Old Witch House




Jeremy: Oh my God.




Jeremy: Bonnie. Bonnie, open your eyes. Bonnie, I can't let you do this! Bonnie, you're dying!




Jeremy: What the hell is that?!




Jeremy: Bonnie, no! Bonnie! Bonnie, wake up! Bonnie! Wake up!

Barn




Bonnie: Elena.




Bonnie: Come back. Come back.




Elena: Stefan. Stefan, something's happening.




Bonnie: We're going home.




Grams: No!




Bonnie: Grams? What are you doing?

Grams: You can't be in here. You stay away from this sort of darkness.

Bonnie: Elena needs me.




Grams: She is not your problem to solve. Now, go! Before they try to keep you here.

Bonnie: Grams, please.

Grams: This magic is dark, Bonnie. It is not nature's plan. Touch it again and the spirits will unleash their anger in ways that will make you suffer. Stay away. Go!

Old Witch House

Jeremy: Bonnie, wake up! Wake up! Come on. Open your eyes.




Jeremy: You're awake!




Jeremy: You're alive.

Bonnie: I couldn't do it. It didn't work.

Barn




Elena: Stefan.

Stefan: What happened?

Elena: I'm out of time. I need blood. I'm dying.




Stefan: Hey! Anyone, hey!

Rebekah: Will you shut up?!

Stefan: You think we're afraid of you?




Officer: You want more vervain? Keep it down.

Stefan: Listen to me. Elena's gonna die if you don't let her out of here.




Officer: Sorry, not my problem.

Stefan: She's innocent. Let her out.




Stefan: 
 Let her out!




Elena: Stop!




Stefan: I said, let her out!




Old Witch House




Jeremy: She said she's not strong enough.

Tyler/Klaus: You were strong enough to put me in here. Surely, you're strong enough to get me out.

Bonnie: I upset the spirits trying to save Elena. I can't use that kind of magic again. It's too dangerous.

Tyler/Klaus: Bonnie, do the bloody spell!

Caroline: She said she can't okay?




Caroline: We'll just wait a few days until you're strong enough to do it with traditional magic, right Bonnie?




Caroline: What are you doing?

Tyler/Klaus: Ripping Tyler's heart out. I'll jump into someone else. 
 Maybe you.




Bonnie: Oh my God!

Caroline: You're hurting him! Stop! Stop!

Jeremy: He's bluffing. He needs a witch to do that.

Tyler/Klaus: What makes you think I don't have one? Or ten? Pick, Bonnie! You or Tyler!




Caroline: Stop, please! You're killing him!

Bonnie: Fine, I'll do it! Just stop.




Tyler/Klaus: Good. Let's begin.

Barn




Stefan: Elena? You still with me?




Elena: Yeah. Yeah, I'm here. I'm okay.

Stefan: No, you're not. I can hear you breathing. Damon was right, you should have fed this morning. I'm so sorry.

Elena: Don't be. You had hope. That's all I ever wanted you to have and you had it.

Stefan: I love you so much.

Elena: Do you know why I was even on that bridge? I was coming back for you, Stefan. I had to choose and I picked you.




Elena: Because I love you. No matter what happens, it's the best choice I ever made.




Elena: God. It sucks that I can't see you right now.

Stefan: I'm smiling.




Elena: Me too.




Pastor's Ranch




Matt: So, what, we just storm the place with zero weapons?

Damon: Nah, we don't need weapons. Just bait.




Damon: Yoo-hoo! Anybody home? Big, bad vampire out here.




Pastor Young: Let him go. The boy's innocent.

Damon: Well, that's the point. Give me Stefan and Elena, he's all yours.




Damon: Come on, Pastor. You know I'll kill him. I want to kill him.

Pastor Young: Go away! You are not invited in and I'm not coming out!




Old Witch House




Bonnie:Phasmatos Tribum, Nas Ex Veras, Raverus En Phasmatos Ex Sonos. Resistamus Et Veram Vatus. Raverus Phasmatos Ex Sonos.

Jeremy: This is black magic. She shouldn't be doing this.




Caroline: Tyler?

Tyler: 
 Caroline. Hey.




Caroline: Tyler?




Jeremy: Bonnie, what are you doing?




Grams: I warned you, child. I warned you to stay away.

Jeremy: Bonnie, it worked. Stop.




Bonnie: What's happening? Let me go!

Grams: I can't.

Bonnie: Let me go!

Caroline: Bonnie, what's happening?




Bonnie: Okay, let her go!

Grams: You made your choice. Now they're taking it out on me!




Bonnie: I'm sorry, Grams! They can't do this to you! Please, don't do this to her!

Caroline: Bonnie, stop!

Bonnie: No! No! Oh my God!




Bonnie: What have I done?! What did I do?! What did I do? What did I do?

Barn




Officer: I got this. Bring the other one in.




Rebekah: Excuse me? Hello, sir?




Officer: I thought I told you to shut up.

Rebekah: Here's the thing, my family we – we have money, castles, apartments, jewelry; just name your price and let me out.




Officer: I'd much rather watch you die.




Stefan: Elena. Elena!




Pastor's Ranch




Matt: Go ahead and kill me. You can't possibly hate me more than I hate myself.

Damon: Oh, yes I can.




Damon: It should have been you.




Elena: Leave him alone!

Barn




Matt: Just stop! Stop saving me.

Stefan: What the hell is your problem?

Matt: What do you want me to say? Thank you? Cause honestly, I wish you'd have just let me drown.

Stefan: What, you think you were my first choice?

Matt: Elena's a vampire...because of me. I have to live with that every day for the rest of my life.

Stefan: No, no, no, you don't have to live with that; you get to live with that. Because Elena put your life before her own. So every morning you get out of bed, you sure as hell better earn it.




Pastor's Ranch




Elena: You were gonna kill him.

Damon: Yep. Guy just won't die.

Elena: It was my choice to save him. Why aren't you seeing that?

Damon: It's a little hard to keep track of all your choices lately, Elena.




Elena: I remember everything.




Elena: One of the highlights of my transition: remembering everything that you compelled me to forget.




Elena: Like how you and I met first. You were a stranger that told me you wanted me to get everything I wanted from life. Damon, why didn't you tell me?

Damon: Would it have made a difference?




Damon: I didn't think so.

Elena: You asked me to make a choice, Damon. So I did. If you're gonna be mad, then take it out on me. Not on Stefan or Matt or anyone else. Me.

Damon: Are we done here?

Elena: If it had been you at the bridge last night and not Stefan and I begged you to save Matt....?

Damon: I would have saved you! In a heartbeat, no question.

Elena: That's what I thought. And then Matt would be dead, because you couldn't let go. Matt would be dead!

Damon: But you wouldn't be! And you would have gotten to grow up and had the life that you wanted; the life that you deserved. And I know that I didn't use to get that but I do now and I wanted that for you, Elena, and I would have gladly have given it to you and let Matt die; because I am that selfish. But you knew that already. The first night we met is not all that you remember.




Klaus' Family Mansion




Rebekah: How dare you save Caroline over me!

Klaus: "Hello brother. Thought you were dead. So pleased you're not!"

Rebekah: You left me!

Klaus: I only had time to save one of you and you can't be killed. Rest assured, I had a worse day than you. I think it's time for us to move on; find some more werewolves.

Rebekah: So you can create your hybrid family? You don't know anything about family!

Klaus: Well, I know how easily they can be silenced with a dagger.




Klaus: 
 No!




Klaus: Drop them.

Rebekah: I mourned you! My heart broke thinking I'd never see you again!

Klaus: Put the blood down, Rebekah. There's a good girl.

Rebekah: It's always been me! Not Finn, not Elijah, not Kol, me! I loved you through everything and you don't even care!

Klaus: 
 Drop it!!

Rebekah: You want your family?




Rebekah: Here's your family!




Klaus: You know something, Rebekah, you're right. I don't care. From this moment on; you're not my family, you're not my sister, you are nothing.




Salvatore Boarding House




Elena: The whole Council knows who we are now. Everything's about to change.

Stefan: Yeah, I'm sure Damon has a revenge plan cooked up. 
 We'll figure out a way to deal with that.

Elena: You don't have to convince me that everything is gonna be okay.

Stefan: I know. Wish I could though. Wish I could just tell you that you'll never feel pain, that you'll never crave blood. But you will. It'll be the worst thing that you've ever lived through.

Elena: But I'll get to live. 
 I'll be a sister and a friend and I'll be with you. Forever, if I want.




Elena: I'm gonna get through this. Just like we get through everything: one day at a time. We should get inside before sunrise.

Stefan: Bonnie made this for you yesterday.




Stefan: Just in case.

Elena: Daylight ring?




Stefan: One day at a time, right?




Pastor's Ranch




Pastor Young: Folks, by now, you know that the vampires have escaped.




Pastor Young: And it won't be long before they retaliate against us. But fear not; 
 For I have been chosen to lead us in a movement.

Council member: What are you talking about?

Pastor Young: Hear me, loved ones. Soon you'll be free to pass through the gates. 
 And we'll all reunite in eternity.

Council member: Seriously, Pastor, what's going on here?

Pastor Young: Friends. We are the beginning.




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
