


I Know What You Did Last Summer







Information


season
number




5
1






Navigation


previous
next




Graduation
True Lies





Contents

Montage




Elena: 
 Hey Bonnie, How is the summer almost over, and yet I feel like I got nothing done? Sounds like you're having fun traveling with your mom. I still don't know how I'm supposed to do this whole college thing without you. And Caroline agrees; she spent the whole summer designing the color palette for our dorm room, while Tyler's been away helping some wolf pack in Tennessee.




Caroline: 
 Don't worry, I already sent them your application, Tyler. All you have to do is register for classes and show up!




Elena: 
 Matt and Rebekah have been sending postcards. I think they're in Amsterdam now...or was it Prague? I can't keep track, and honestly, I'm not sure I really want to know. Anyway, I can't wait to see you. When do you get back? Love, Elena.




Jeremy: "Dear Elena..."

Bonnie: Wait, don't start with "dear".

Jeremy: It's bad enough you're dead – now you're a control freak?

Bonnie: I'm just saying, people don't say "dear" anymore.

Jeremy: All right, fine. How about, "Hey Elena, what's up?"

Bonnie: Thank you.




Bonnie: 
 Hey Elena, what's up? You guys have no idea how much I miss you. I've been emailing with Jeremy...he says it's been surreal to be alive.




Elena: Hey, um, sorry, I - I thought you left.




Jeremy: I did...five hours ago.

Elena: All right, well, there's pizza in the fri-




Bonnie: 
 If Katherine ingesting the only cure on this earth and having to live as a human isn't justice, I don't know what is.




Bonnie: 
 I miss you guys. I'm glad you're having a great summer. P.S. Have you heard from Stefan?




Damon: You okay?

Elena: Yeah, I've just got this weird feeling like something bad's about to happen.

Damon: Well, it is. You're leaving tomorrow. You're trading all this for communal showers and a meal plan.

Elena: Can't you just be a normal boyfriend and support me as I attempt to have a normal college experience?

Damon: I'd rather ply you with champagne and spend the night convincing you to stay.




Salvatore Boarding House




Jeremy: There were issues at home. Ever since I lost my parents, my aunt, I've been acting out...drugs, drinking. I was looking for attention, so I lit my house on fire and faked my own death.

Elena: Really stress the drug thing. And I'd definitely say that the fire was an accident, because there's crazy, and then there's...well, me.

Jeremy: Or I could just not go back, considering my school already had a memorial for me.




Damon: Caroline just pulled up.

Elena: I-I can't leave. I should stay and at least wait until Jeremy settles in to school–

Damon: You're leaving. You're going to college. You're gonna drink cheap beer and you're gonna protest things you don't care about. And I am gonna take care of your little brother. Trust me, 
 you have nothing to worry about.

Elena: Okay, well at least Whitmore is only a few hours away, so if there's anything you need, Jer, just call me–

Jeremy: Hey, I'll see you on laundry day.




Elena: So, how do you think this whole long-distance thing is gonna work?

Damon: Well, I personally plan on forgetting about you the second you walk out the door.




Elena: I love you.

Damon: I love you.




Damon: All right. Off you go.




Damon: Yeah, no, we're not doing this. Go to school.

Whitmore College




Caroline: You're dreaming about Stefan?

Elena: They're not dreams, it's more of a...feeling. Maybe you should call him.

Caroline: So he can hear how happy you are with Damon? Absolutely not. He'll call you when he's ready.

Elena: So I should just live with this nagging pit in my stomach?

Caroline: Okay, Elena, that pit is called guilt. You feel terrible because you broke Stefan's heart, and that nagging feeling is your brain waking up to tell you that you've made a horrible, yet completely reversible mistake.

Elena: Nice try. Besides, Stefan and I left things in a good place.

Caroline: It doesn't mean he hasn't been thinking about you shacking up with his brother all summer long.




Sheriff Forbes: Hello – mom ears, still here.




Elena: We're in college, Caroline.

Caroline: We actually made it. We're here!




Bonnie: We're all here together.

Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Elena: You brought a panini press?

Caroline: Small appliances, by the fridge.




Sheriff Forbes: Okay, that's the last one. All right, give me a goodbye hug before I change my mind and drag you home with me.




Sheriff Forbes: 
 You can call as much as you want, you know?

Caroline: Mom, we'll be fine.




Sheriff Forbes: 
 Come here.




Sheriff Forbes: This is where your dad fell in love with medicine, you know? He would be really proud to see you here.

Elena: 
 Thank you.




Caroline: Okay, go! Before I change my mind and make you stay.

Sheriff Forbes: I'm going, I'm going! I love you. Bye, girls.




Elena: So? Roomie, I think we should drink to something.

Caroline: Well, I couldn't agree more...roomie.




Elena: To us, and college, and being functional vampires.

Caroline: To the next chapter in our lives.




Megan: Hey.

Caroline: Uh, who are you?

Megan: Oh, I'm Megan. Your roommate.




Mystic Falls High School




Jeremy: Caroline says, "Get your ass to Whitmore, Bonnie. We need you."

Bonnie: Tell her I'm...at the Grand Canyon.

Jeremy: You realize you're just postponing the inevitable, right? What happens when your dad finds out you've been dead all summer?

Bonnie: How many postcards have I sent him? How many times has he called? I've done enough, he's clearly not missing me.

Jeremy: What about Elena?

Bonnie: I just saw her at college. She seemed genuinely happy. I am not taking that away from her. We're lucky, Jer. How many people die and still get to talk to their best friends?

Jeremy: How many best friends can't feel each other?




Jeremy: I should get going. The freak who faked his own death can't also be late for math.




Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Damon: What? Wait a minute, how'd that happen?

Elena: There must've been a mix-up at the housing office.

Damon: Compulsion – it's the unwanted roommate repellent.

Elena: That's exactly what Caroline said.

Damon: Right, so then just compel her ass out the door.

Elena: Damon, what's the point in going to college if we're just going to recreate what happens in Mystic Falls?

Damon: Look at you, giving it the old college try.

Elena: Did Jeremy get to school okay?

Damon: Yup. Showered, groomed, even cut the crusts off of his PB&J myself.

Elena: So, what you're saying is that me being here, you being there...this could actually work?




Damon: Exactly. Listen, I got to, uh...go.




Katherine: It's been a long summer, Damon.

Damon: Katherine.

Mystic Falls Town Square




Rebekah: Five-star restaurants in Paris to tapping kegs in a park. Tragic.




Matt: I thought we said no strings?

Rebekah: Who said there were strings?




Matt: Weren't you leaving town?

Rebekah: I thought I'd give you one last chance to come with me.




Matt: I have to work. I'm back in the real world now, I need a paycheck.

Rebekah: Great, maybe you could replace those earrings that that street-rat Nadia stole in Prague.

Matt: Those earrings don't bring you back to life. How am I gonna explain to Jeremy she stole his Gilbert ring?

Rebekah: Tell him you had a threesome. He'll understand. 
 Don't call. 
 Don't write. And whatever you do – 
 – don't you dare miss me.




Sheriff Forbes: Hey, look who's back.

Silas: Look who's, ah, eating her feelings.

Sheriff Forbes: Yeah...I just dropped the girls off at Whitmore.

Silas: Ah.

Sheriff Forbes: Join me as I drown my sorrow in comfort food.




Sheriff Forbes: 
 What are you doing?

Silas: I'm outing myself as Not-Stefan, obviously. Don't be afraid, don't move.




Sheriff Forbes: What's happening?

Silas: We've met before, actually. When I was appearing as your daughter, and I bashed your head in? Does that ring any bells?

Sheriff Forbes: Silas.

Silas: Indeed. I am a two-thousand year old immortal that Caroline and her friends thought they got rid of.

Sheriff Forbes: Are you...appearing to me as Stefan?

Silas: Well...yes and no. This is my true form and Stefan is my doppelgänger. You're confused. I know that because I can read your thoughts. It's understandable, I mean, I've been a little cryptic lately.

Sheriff Forbes: What's with the knife? Most vampires go straight for the neck.

Silas: Ugh, please, Liz. I came first. Vampires are nothing more than a disgusting perversion of me. I'm unkillable, I'm immortal and I'm psychic, and to function I need human blood, but don't ever call me a vampire.




Silas: Cheers.




Silas: Unfortunately, I can see that you can't help me find what I'm looking for. So, all you need to remember, Liz, is that Stefan stopped by to say 'hello'.




Sheriff Forbes: Call your friends, Stefan. Let 'em know you're okay?

Silas: Will do, Sheriff.

Whitmore College




Megan: So, your current boyfriend, Damian–

Elena: Damon.

Megan: –is your ex's brother.

Elena: Stefan.

Megan: You and Stefan are friends, but three months ago he left without saying goodbye?

Elena: Do you think that I should call him?




Megan: No way.

Caroline: Absolutely not!

Megan: Do you have a boyfriend, Caroline?

Caroline: I do. His name's Tyler. He had to miss move-in day, but he'll be here for the first day of classes.

Elena: Assuming he registers. And picks a dorm. And buys books.

Caroline: Speaking of minding one's own business, let's talk roommate ground rules. Privacy is very important to me.

Megan: Same here.

Caroline: I have low blood sugar. My diet's finicky, so keep your paws off my stuff.

Megan: We'll split up the shelves.

Caroline: And if I suddenly get up to leave or disappear for a while, don't follow me or look for me.

Megan: Okay...sounds good.

Elena: Great, then we agree on everything.




Jesse: Excuse me, ladies. Party at Whitmore House tonight.




Elena: We'll be there.

Jesse: 
 I hope so.




Elena: I love college.

Mystic Falls High School




Student: Look who rose from the dead.




Other student: Nice phone. Does it ever ring?




Salvatore Boarding House




Katherine: You're gonna have to cut me off soon. My tolerance is a joke now. It's just so...glorious.

Damon: You're miserable.

Katherine: Please. I'm Katherine Pierce – I'm a survivor.

Damon: You're a liar. Your hair's messed up, your nails are chipped. You're a sad and miserable human being and you want me to turn you. So, here.




Damon: Go ahead, drink up. I'll kill you, you'll bite the mailman, you'll be a vampire again. Go ahead, come on.

Katherine: I can't, okay? No one's ever taken the cure before. If I die, there's a good chance I may never wake up.

Damon: And that would be tragic.

Katherine: And deep down, in that mushy-gushy Elena-loving heart, there's a part of you that doesn't want me to die.

Damon: What are you doing here, Katherine?




Katherine: Salvatore residence. Hello, Principal Weber, this is Elena. Oh, dear. We'll find him.




Katherine: So Jeremy's been expelled. Elena will be cool with that, right?

Damon: When I get back here, you're gone.

Katherine: Wait, Damon. There's someone chasing me.

Damon: Then run. Run far away.

Katherine: Damon, you don't understand. I have enemies everywhere. What happens when word gets out that I'm a human? I can't protect myself! I'm weak and I'm slow – do you have any idea what it's like to run in heels? I have blisters, Damon! Please, just...help me.




Quarry




Damon: Wish I could say it gets better.

Stefan: The answer's 'no,' Damon.

Damon: Why? So you can keep dying and coming back to life? You've felt nothing but sheer agony for three months. You hallucinate conversations with me to have something to do. Just turn off that pesky humanity switch.




Stefan: Won't take the pain away.

Damon: Yeah, but it'll turn off your misery. Your fear, your hopelessness.

Stefan: And then what, huh? Let's just say that you actually notice that I'm gone, let's say I get out of this. What good is it if I'm a monster again? How is that better than any of this?




Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Caroline: Did you notice how Megan's juicer takes up all the small appliance space? She has an entire drawer dedicated to organic linen.

Elena: What happened to privacy?

Caroline: Maybe if she didn't take such long showers, I wouldn't have time to go through her stuff. How are you okay with a third roommate?

Elena: Because we're trying to be functional, and being functional means we need friends.

Caroline: We also need personal space. I mean, what if we suddenly get a craving, and I want to eat her? Or our blood bags go bad because we can't store them in the mini-fridge? Ugh, and what the hell is protein water?




Caroline: You know what, maybe if I drink it all, she'll wanna move out.




Elena: Caroline, no–




Caroline: Vervain.




Megan: What's going on? Are you okay?




Elena: Yeah, she's, uh, she's fine.

Megan: What happened?

Caroline: 
 Water just went down the wrong pipe. I'm okay, really. I shouldn't have touched your stuff, I'm really sorry.

Megan: It's fine. It just sounded like someone was dying out here. Well, I'm glad you're okay!




Caroline: She knows who we are – she drinks vervain water!

Elena: That doesn't mean she knows about us.

Caroline: Seriously? We share a bathroom with this girl! What if she's a hunter, and she stakes us when we're in the shower? Or she steals our daylight rings while we're asleep and then we burst into flames when the sun comes up?!

Elena: Don't you think that, if she was a hunter, we'd be dead by now?

Caroline: I think we should lock her up. You know, let the vervain get out of her system, and then we compel her to forget about us.

Elena: Caroline, I'm not kidnapping our roommate! The best way to convince her that we're normal, is to act normal. And do normal, human, freshman-y stuff.

Caroline: Such as?




Whitmore House




Jesse: Hey, I remember you.

Elena: Hey. Flyer Guy.

Jesse: Jesse, technically, but 'Flyer Guy' works, too.

Elena: I'm Elena, this is Caroline.

Jesse: Nice to meet you.

Caroline: Hi.




Elena: You can't be nice to the guy?

Caroline: I'm with Tyler.

Elena: Are you? Because he hasn't called.

Caroline: From the mountains of Appalachia?

Elena: I'm just saying, I don't want you to get your hopes up thinking that he's coming, when he hasn't really shown much interest.

Caroline: Did you tell Damon you were having dreams about Stefan?




Caroline: See? No relationship is perfect.




Caroline: What the hell?

Elena: Someone must own this place. We have to be invited in.

Megan: Hey! I was wondering if you guys were gonna make it.




Jesse: You guys going in, or...?

Elena: Go ahead.




Megan: Why are you guys just standing there?

Elena: We were just...Caroline?

Caroline: Waiting for someone.

Elena: She's late.

Caroline: So.

Megan: Right. Well, I'm gonna go hang.




Caroline: Like I said, she knows.

Mystic Grill




Damon: One day. One day where you don't screw it up.

Jeremy: Leave me alone, Damon.

Damon: You're lucky you didn't put one of those idiots in ICU.

Jeremy: Says the guy who once killed me.

Damon: Yes – in the privacy of your own home! Away from prying eyes, unlike you who went all hunter in the middle of a hallway. You got expelled, genius.

Jeremy: Does that mean I don't have to go back to school?

Damon: I compelled Principal Weber into a very genereous three-day suspension. Elena does not need to know about this. Finish eating, meet me outside.




Silas: Hello, Damon.

Damon: Stefan. Welcome home.

Silas: Thanks.




Whitmore House




Elena: Hey, Megan, it's Elena. Just calling to let you know why we left, so call me when you get this. Bye.

Caroline: Okay, it's settled. When she leaves, we grab her.

Elena: Or we could just let her know you weren't feeling well.

Caroline: Elena, she saw us stuck at the threshold, we might as well have flashed her our fangs.

Elena: There's no way that out of the thousands of freshmen, we were randomly paired with someone who knows about vampires.

Caroline: Maybe it wasn't random.




Elena: Megan's calling. Hey, Megan.

Megan: 
 Elena! You have to help me! He's chasing me!




Elena: Megan, who's chasing you?

Megan: Help me! Oh, my god!




Elena: We can't come inside – the line's too long. If you come out – where are you?

Megan: Elena, please help me!




Caroline: Megan, can you hear me? Get outside and we can help you.




Elena: Oh, my god!




Caroline: Who did this to her?

Elena: This was a vampire.

Mystic Grill




Damon: Look, I get why you haven't called me back all summer. I wouldn't call me back either.

Silas: You mean because you stole my girlfriend? I'm over it. Cheers.




Silas: Katherine's living at Château Salvatore.

Damon: How do you know that?

Silas: Because I can read your mind! 
 I'm kidding, buddy. Katherine called me first. Remember? It's always been me first.

Damon: Right.




Silas: Hey, Jeremy. Looking good, man.

Jeremy: Hey, Stefan. Glad you're back.

Silas: Yeah...yeah. 
 All right, I'll, uh, see you at home.

Damon: Great.




Jeremy: Something's wrong. When he touched me, I felt a chill where my tattoo was.

Damon: What are you talking about?

Jeremy: Right before I died, Silas grabbed me and I felt the same thing.

Damon: Silas is gone. Bonnie turned him into a big piece of rock, remember?




Bonnie: I died. Jeremy, I bound the magic that took down Silas. When I died, the spell must've broken. He's free.

Jeremy: 
 That was Silas.

Damon: That's impossible.

Jeremy: I'm a hunter. Our whole reason for existing is to kill him. I know what I'm feeling, Damon. That - that was Silas.

Damon: I just watched him walk through a crowd of people that saw Stefan. There's no way he could fool that many people at once. I mean, he's psychic, but no one's that psychic.

Jeremy: What did he want?




Salvatore Boarding House




Silas: Why are you in my brother's bathtub?

Katherine: Why aren't you?




Silas: I will say that's a tempting offer.

Katherine: Mmm, he flirts. I like Elena-less Stefan.

Silas: You know, human looks better on you than I would've guessed, Katherine.

Katherine: I think you just accidentally gave me a compliment.

Silas: No, I mean it. You, sitting here all weak and vulnerable. It works.




Silas: Time for a field trip.




Damon: Get her out of here. Don't tell me where you're going.




Damon: God, you're slow. Guess vamp-speed came with the upgrade.

Silas: Get out of my way and give me Katherine.

Damon: First, drop the Stefan look.




Damon: What?

Whitmore House




Elena: What is happening? Our roommate is dead, there was a vampire at the party...

Caroline: We don't know what she knew or who she told. We should get out of here.

Elena: 
 Caroline, I left that message in her voicemail!

Caroline: Don't worry, I took her phone.

Elena: What?




Officer Freeman: Hey, girls? I'm Dianne Freeman, I'm head of Campus Security. Are you okay?

Elena: I mean, I think so.

Officer Freeman: I understand Megan was your roommate. I'm so sorry you had to find her like this.

Caroline: Do they know what happened?

Officer Freeman: We found a note. Apparently she was struggling with severe depression.

Elena: Wait, what do you mean you found a note?

Officer Freeman: Your roommate took her own life.

Caroline: You think this was a suicide?

Officer Freeman: We're convinced it was a suicide, but we can't seem to find her cell phone. Have you seen it?

Caroline: No.

Officer Freeman: Okay. If it turns up, let us know?




Elena: What is going on?

Salvatore Boarding House

Damon: If I have to hear the word 'doppelgänger' one more time, I think I'm gonna actually have to learn how to spell it.

Silas: You say you don't believe me, and yet your mind is spinning at the possibility.

Damon: A: Get out of my head. B: I think I'd know if my little brother had an evil twin.

Silas: Oh, we're not twins. See, when I became truly immortal, Nature retaliated by creating a version of me that was killable. It's called a "shadow-self".

Damon: Well, whatever you are, your plan didn't work. The cure's gone. Now, what do you want with Katherine?

Silas: I could tell you, but wouldn't it be so much more fun if it were a surprise?

Damon: You're not getting her.

Silas: Damon, how well do you know your brother? Do you really think he would leave town for three months without so much as a phone call, so you could live happily ever after with the love of his life? Or did you just delude yourself into thinking it would be that easy?

Damon: Where's Stefan?

Silas: He's suffering, like I suffered. So, call the hunter, bring me Katherine, and then I will tell you where your little brother is.

Jeremy's Car




Katherine: Where are we going?




Katherine: Are you deaf? I said where are we going?




Jeremy: Hey.

Damon: How far'd you get?

Jeremy: You said not to tell you.

Damon: You pick now to listen to me?

Jeremy: We just passed Old Miller Road.

Damon: Good. Turn around, bring her back.

Katherine: What? No!




Katherine: What are you doing? Jeremy, stop! You can't take me back there, Jeremy. Damon wouldn't just hand me over. Silas clearly got in his head.

Jeremy: Shut up, Katherine!




Jeremy: Hey, what the hell!




Salvatore Boarding House




Silas: Ooh, your thoughts are churning. It's like a spool of pink taffy. It's very messy, but very fun to watch.

Damon: Anyone ever tell you that's creepy?

Silas: You're worried. Jeremy's not answering the phone. He should be back by now. You think something's very wrong.

Mystic Falls Town Square




Matt: Here you go, Mayor. This one's on the house.

Rudy: Thank you, Matt.

Matt: So, ah, when's Bonnie coming back?

Rudy: You know, I'm not sure, but if you talk to her, tell her I said hi.

Matt: Yeah.

Rudy: Thanks for the beer.

Matt: You're welcome.




Matt: No way.




Matt: Nadia?

Nadia: You remember me.

Matt: Yeah, I remember you. You got Rebekah and me drunk and robbed us.

Nadia: But it was fun until then, no?

Matt: How did you know how to find me?

Nadia: Let's skip the 'how' and get to the 'why'.




Nadia: This wasn't mine to take.

Matt: You traveled four thousand miles to give me back a ring?

Nadia: Hey, if you don't want it...

Matt: No, I want it.




Nadia: It looks better on you, anyway.




Gregor: Jaryakat a zem. Daryeet acza.




Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Caroline: Delete.




Elena: Someone's been in here.

Caroline: Megan's tablet's gone.

Elena: Along with her so-called suicide note. Can I see the phone for a second?




Caroline: It just doesn't make any sense. First, the roommate we're not supposed to have might know about vampires, and then happens to be killed by a vampire, and now the school's covering it up? Seriously, who is this girl?

Elena: Whatever's going on, it's not just about our roommate. It's about me.




Elena: That's Megan – with my dad.

Street




Jeremy: Hey...please...




Bonnie: Jeremy, hold on. Hey, I know you can hear me. Jeremy.




Damon: Jeremy! Gah!




Damon: Open your eyes, Jer. You do not get to die on me, you hear me? I'm supposed to be taking care of you, you little punk! Wake up, or I'll kill you myself!




Jeremy: 
 Katherine – is gone.




Damon: I don't care.

Elena And Caroline's Dorm Room




Tyler: 
 Hey, Caroline. I've put a lot of thought into this, and decided to defer school for now. This werewolf pack I'm helping...they need me. I know it's lame to do this over the phone, but I figure this way it's harder for you to kill me. I'm really, really sorry, Care...but this is important.




Elena: You okay?

Caroline: Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.




Elena: I'm sorry, Caroline.




Caroline: I'm really glad that you're here.

Elena: I'm really glad you're here, too.




Quarry




Damon: You're thinking about it. Flip the switch, brother. Put yourself out of this misery. Please.

Stefan: Did you forget how long it took me to come back last time? Everything I lost in the process?

Damon: You don't deserve this, Stefan. You did the right thing – you walked away. You let us be happy, and this is what you get in return? How is that fair? Hey.




Damon: Just turn it off. Turn it off.




Elena: Wait. Stay with me, Stefan.




Stefan: What are you doing here?

Elena: I know this is torture, but stay with me. Your humanity is the one thing that makes you who you are. Don't let go. Please, Stefan. For me.




Street




Damon: Hey, sorry it took so long to call you back. Car trouble.

Elena: What happened?

Damon: Oh, some idiot broke the window. Based on your voicemail, sounds like your day sucked worse than mine. You all right? You wanna come home?

Elena: I can't. And especially if my dad's connected to this somehow...I need to know why.

Damon: Yeah, it's probably for the best. It'll give me more bonding time with your brother.

Elena: I love you, Damon.

Damon: Goodnight.




Jeremy: You didn't tell her Silas was here.

Damon: Nor did I tell her Stefan's missing, Katherine's in town, and you got expelled.

Jeremy: So you lied.

Damon: No, I withheld a bit of the truth, so that Elena wouldn't drop everything and come running home to help. I'll figure all this out.

Mystic Falls Town Square




Rudy: I hope everyone enjoyed the party?




Rudy: It is – it is truly great to have an end-of-summer tradition. My daughter has her own end-of-summer tradition of over-indulging in the cotton candy. 
 Now she's off traveling the world and sending her old man postcards from all her great adventures. Family is one of our core values in Mystic Falls. It's what this block party celebrates. Family as community – Stefan?




Silas: Do you mind if I say a few words?

Rudy: Maybe when we're done here.

Silas: I'll take it from here, Mayor.




Bonnie: Oh, my god.

Silas: 
 You're probably wondering how I did that. Well, it's pretty basic mind control. But, until now, it's been fairly limited to one person at a time. But this summer, I have consumed an immeasurable amount of blood, and I've felt myself getting stronger and stronger every day. And I started to wonder: what are the limits to my powers? How many people can I influence? Two? Ten? An entire town square? Everyone stop talking.




Silas: Well, that worked. Now let's try this: No one make a sound, or move a muscle.




Silas: 
 Well, now that I have your attention, I need a favor. I need you to find someone. You all know Elena Gilbert. Well, the girl I'm looking for looks exactly like her.

Promo Transcripts
For References to the Quotes, please refer back to the Episode Page
SPOILERS AHEADComic Con Promo
Silas: "This summer, I have consumed an immeasurable amount of blood and I found myself stronger and stronger everyday and I started to wonder what are the limits to my powers. How many people can I influence? Two? Ten? An entire town square?"


CW Released Promo

Silas: "Hello my shadow self." (to Stefan)
Stefan: "Silas..."
Elena: "I love you." (to Damon)
Damon: "And I love you."
Katherine: "It's been a long summer, Damon."
Damon: "Katherine."
Silas: "Human looks better on you then I would've thought, Katherine."
Damon: "If I have to hear "doppelgänger" one more time, I'm gonna have to learn how to spell it."


Katherine: "Do you have any idea what it's like to run in heels? I have blisters!"


Elena: (To Caroline) "To us, and college. And being functional vampires."
Caroline: "We're here."
Bonnie: "We're all here together."
Damon: (To Silas) "Where's Stefan?"
Silas: "He's suffering. Like I suffered."


Webclip 1
Damon: You okay?
Elena: Yeah, I've just got this feeling like something bad's about to happen.
Damon: Well, it is. You're leaving tomorrow. You're trading all this for communal showers and a meal plan.
Elena: Can't you just be a normal boyfriend and support me as I attempt to have a normal college experience?
Damon: I'd rather ply you a champagne and spend the night convincing you to stay.