

Down the Rabbit Hole







Information


season
number




4
14






Navigation


previous
next




Into the Wild
Stand By Me





Contents

Island




Vaughn: Something botherin' you?

Damon: Would you believe me if I said mosquitoes?

Vaughn: Aye, I would. How does it feel when a relentless eating machine is draining the blood from your veins?

Damon: Itchy.

Vaughn: Your friends from Mystic Falls think you're funny, Damon?

Damon: You obviously know who I am and where I'm from. Have you been spying on me?

Vaughn: Aye, I have. 
 You and Stefan, Elena, your witch, Bonnie. Do you need her to cast the spell written on your pal, Jeremy's hunter's mark...
...the tattoo that looks exactly like this?




Damon: You wanna know something, just ask.

Vaughn: I've been killing vampires my entire life. Still, this thing refused to reveal itself to me. That was, until three days ago and it just magically completed for no apparent reason.

Damon: Come on, man. Do I look like I know anything about tattoos? Look at my skin. It's flawless.

Vaughn: Ah! You're not taking me seriously. 
 I don't blame ya. You don't know me. 
 So let me introduce myself. 
 My name is Galen Vaughn, and you'd better start talkin'.




Caroline: 
 Tell me you're not serious.

Elena: I wish I weren't.




Elena: 
 When we got back from looking for Jeremy, Shane and Bonnie were gone too. 
 Shane needs Bonnie to cast a spell on Jeremy's tattoo in order to find the cure, and he managed to sneak them both out from under our noses.

Caroline: Well, where's Damon in all this?

Elena: 
 We had an argument. 
 I thought he was just taking a walk, but then when we went to the beach, we saw signs of a struggle.

Caroline: Meaning what?

Elena: Meaning somebody probably jumped him and then grabbed him!

Caroline: Do you think Shane took him?

Elena: No, I mean, he's not strong enough to take Damon on, even with the element of surprise. He must have someone, or at least a few someones helping him.

Caroline: I'm so sorry. I wish I was there to help.

Elena: Well, maybe there's something you can do from home.

Caroline: Anything. Tell me.

Elena: So Shane's looking for the cure. We think we can find him. We have pictures of Jeremy's tattoo, but we just can't translate the map.

Caroline: Unless you get the Hunter's Sword from Klaus.

Elena: 
 Exactly.

Rebekah: He'll never give up the sword.

Stefan: Yeah, but if anyone's gonna get him to give it up, it's Caroline.

Rebekah: He will never give up the sword, not even for Caroline. He's terrified we'll use the cure against him to make him mortal, and even if he wasn't, he wouldn't want any of us to derive a moment's worth of happiness from being human.

Stefan: Well, maybe he doesn't have to give it up. I mean, Klaus is stuck in Elena's house by Bonnie's spell. He can't go anywhere. There's only so many places you can hide a three-foot piece of metal.

Caroline: I'll find it, don't worry. Just e-mail me photos of Jeremy's tattoo. I'll find the sword, and I'll call you back.

Elena: Thank you, Caroline.

Caroline: Bye. 


Gilbert Residence

Klaus: 
 Need my help with anything, love?

Caroline: Nope.




Island




Massak: This is as far as I go.

Prof. Shane: We're on the brink of a monumental event in human history. We're going to raise the most powerful immortal creature that ever was. Come on, our work's not done yet.

Massak: Mine is. You said get the kid and the witch. I did. I wanna get paid now.




Massak: I'll say a prayer for your souls.




Bonnie: 
 That's what the tombstone was for? To pay off a mercenary?

Prof. Shane: The core of that tombstone is made up of Qetsiyah's calcified blood. In some witch circles, that stone's more valuable than the Hope Diamond. So...so who wants to go down first?

Gilbert Residence




Klaus: Well, if it isn't little orphan Lockwood. Come to show how laughably impotent you are against me?

Tyler: I'm just trying to help my friends find the cure.




Tyler: Found this in your attic.

Klaus: And you think finding the sword brings you closer to the cure?

Tyler: You tell me. I was playing around with the handle on the ride over, and I found this.




Klaus: And what do you think 'this' is?

Caroline: 
 It's called a cryptex. 
 I've seen The da Vinci Code. You turn the different sides to the different symbols to get the translation on the other side. 
 And with the magic of the internet, Elena sent over these. 
 So now all we have to do is cryptex away. 
 If you happened to want to help, we wouldn't stop you.

Klaus: Right. Well, might I suggest using the magic of the internet to purchase an Aramaic-to-English dictionary from your nearest retailer. 


Tyler: 
 What's Aramaic?

Caroline: It's a dead language. It hasn't been used since, like, biblical times.

Klaus: Qetsiyah's native tongue, I'm guessing. You know, even if you had the best dictionary in the world, it could take days to translate. 
 Perhaps weeks. "In bas so-teen-too ara-ma-eet."

Caroline: What does that mean?

Klaus: 
 "If only you spoke Aramaic."

Island




Elena: And once again, everyone's life is in danger looking for this cure because poor Elena can't deal with being a vampire.

Stefan: No. Everyone's here because they want to be. Not just for you, but for themselves too.

Elena: Stefan, why didn't you tell me that you wanted the cure for yourself?

Stefan: I mean, why wouldn't I want to take it? I've seen every side of vampirism there is. The power...the misery, the guilt. In the long run, even the good parts kind of suck, too.

Elena: Yeah, I mean, I know why you would want to take it, but what I'm saying is...why didn't you tell me?

Stefan: Because it had nothing to do with you. I mean, you know how much I wanted a human life with you. Being human myself, being normal -- that's something I've wanted since long before I met you.

Elena: Well, I'm glad you told me now.

Stefan: Yeah, what's a deeply buried personal secret between friends, right?

Elena: Between friends? I like that.






Damon: Mind telling me where we're going?

Vaughn: At the wishing well lies an entrance to a crypt. In the crypt lies Silas. And with Silas lies the cure, which will allow me to kill Silas, bring the mission of the brotherhood of the Five to an end. You're my leverage, Damon; I use you to get your witch friend to open the passage to Silas' crypt for me.

Damon: What a minute, you're using me to get to Bonnie Bennett? Whoa, brother, ha! You picked the wrong vampire.

Vaughn: I guess we'll see about that.

Damon: Here's the deal, Shrek. My witch friend will open the passage for you. No leverage necessary. We don't care about Silas. All we want is the cure, so you cut us in on your share, and we'll get out of your hair.

Vaughn: You really don't understand, do you?

Gilbert Residence




Caroline: Okay, this is it. We've translated all the symbols on the tattoo. 
 "Passage inside...requires a young senator, and a pretty flower." 
 Okay, none of this makes sense!

Island

Damon: 
 No, I don't understand, so why don't you explain it?

Vaughn: Silas is immortal. I have to cram the cure down his throat in order to kill him.

Damon: Yeah, what does that have to do with me and my friends?

Gilbert Residence

Klaus: 
 "Requires a powerful witch and a hunter in full bloom."

Tyler: What are you doing?

Klaus: I don't need to tell you my reasons. Caroline. Bring my sword over here.

Island

Vaughn: I need to use the cure against Silas. Your friends, they can't exactly have it, now, can they?

Damon: So you use it on Silas, and we'll use it for whoever wants to use it.

Gilbert Residence




Klaus: "Silas rests on the far side, the means of his destruction at hand." 
 Turn the cryptex to the right. 
 Stop. The top of the hilt reveals a key to a nautical map. Turn it to the left. 
 Now turn the other piece. 
 There's something else.

Island

Damon: You don't want to share it with us?

Vaughn: Even if I wanted to, I couldnae.

Damon: And why can't you share it?

Vaughn: So it is written.

Gilbert Residence

Klaus: 


Caroline: What does it mean? 
 Klaus, what does it mean?

Island

Vaughn: There is only one dose.




Jeremy: You okay?

Bonnie: Yeah, I just slipped. 


Jeremy: It's okay.

Bonnie: Thanks. 


Prof. Shane: 
 Hey, guys, I'm coming down.

Jeremy: 
 Hey, Bon. What do you think's gonna happen once you cast a spell on my tattoo and there's nothing in between Shane and Silas?

Bonnie: Do you trust me?

Jeremy: Yeah, of course.

Bonnie: Then trust me when I promise I won't let Shane raise Silas.

Jeremy: 
 Just don't do anything stupid. If your Expression gets out of hand, Shane is the only one that could help you keep it in control.

Bonnie: Don't worry about me. I'm fine. But if Shane tries to lift a finger on his hand to hurt either one of us...I'll kill him myself.






Rebekah: Hello?

Caroline: 
 Hey, it's Caroline. We have the translation of the tattoo. 
 We're emailing you pictures of the map and instructions right now.




Rebekah: Got it. Thanks.

Klaus: 
 Actually, it was me.

Rebekah: 
 Nik, you helped?

Klaus: You sound so surprised, little sister.

Rebekah: 
 Shouldn't I be? I mean, you don't want me to be human. You don't want any of us to be human. Why would you help us find the cure?

Klaus: 
 Maybe I finally realized the longer I stand in the way of what you want, the longer you'll continue to hate me. Perhaps I want my sister to finally know happiness.

Rebekah: 
 Fool me once, shame on you; fool me a hundred times--

Klaus: 
 No more fooling. No more games. I hope you get to live, and die, as you wish.

Rebekah: 
 So do I.

Klaus: 
 There is one more thing, Rebekah. 
 There is only one dose of the cure. You need to find it first and take it. It's the only way you'll-- 


Rebekah: 
 Nik. Nik!




Damon: You touch me again--

Vaughn: And you'll what? Threaten me? Sorry if you're upset about the cure, Damon, but we've got road to cover.

Damon: I don't care about the cure. In fact, I don't know why anyone wouldn't want to be a vampire. You know what? If I wasn't a vampire, then I wouldn't be able to do 9 of the things I'm gonna do to you when I'm free. 
 Make that 10.

Vaughn: Right.

Damon: All right, I admit, okay? My friends want the cure, and I want them to have it, and I get very upset when I can't provide for my loved ones. But tell me something, Vaughn, if all you're worried about is Bonnie the teenage witch, then why'd you save Jeremy and Elena yesterday?

Vaughn: How did I do that?

Damon: Big guy. White paint all over him. You stuck a hatchet in his spine.

Vaughn: I don't remember doing such a thing.




Damon: We're on a remote island. There's you, me, and a bunch of unpleasant locals. You expect me to believe that someone else took out that monster truck of a human being that went after Jeremy and Elena?

Vaughn: I'm telling you, it wasnae me.




Damon: Was that you?

Vaughn: No. You?

Damon: No.

Vaughn: 
 Well, I reckon there really is someone else on this island.




Prof. Shane: It's just amazing, isn't it? Once we raise Silas, all of our sacrifices will have been worthwhile; we'll all have what we want.

Bonnie: Or he'll kill us all.

Prof. Shane: Listen, you're going to see I'm right. Just so you don't get any ideas, remember, anything happens to me, something a lot worse will happen to you.

Jeremy: All right, where is this stupid magic passage she needs to open?

Prof. Shane: Just look for anything that looks out of place, all right? Anything not occurring in nature like a - like a drawing or an inscription or a...geometrically perfect circle!




Prof. Shane: 
 This is it! This is the spot.






Elena: What did Caroline say?

Rebekah: I don't know. We lost the signal. Come on, this way.




Rebekah: 
  We need to get down and across. Advantage, vampires: all we have to do is jump.

Elena: Wait, wait. Um...maybe you should leave the map behind. In case you fall, you don't want anything to happen to the phone.

Rebekah: Are we doing this again? I thought we were a team?

Stefan: 
 Guys, we don't have time for this. Elena, you go first. We'll be right behind you.




Rebekah: There's something you should know about the cure.




Prof. Shane: You're doing it, just breathe, all right? Focus on what you can do. Don't be afraid of what you can't.

Jeremy: You can do this. Remember, just like you taught me. You're in control.




Prof. Shane: That's it. It's just like drawing breath. Now just pull the power into you.






Vaughn: Looks like your witch is casting her spell.






Stefan: So you're sure that Klaus is telling the truth? That there's only one dose of the cure?




Stefan: Well, I guess that's what happens when you're dumb enough to hold out hope.

Rebekah: There's still hope for one of us. But even if I felt pity for you, if I wanted to ease your pain so I gave you the cure to take for yourself, you'd give it to Elena, wouldn't you?




Rebekah: That's what I thought. Well, I'm sorry that it couldn't work out the way that we all wanted it to.






Jeremy: Bonnie! Bonnie!

Bonnie: 
 I'm fine. 
 I'm here. Look! It worked!




Jeremy: 
 You did it.

Bonnie: We did it.




Prof. Shane: 
 Hey, guys, I need a hand. My leg's broken.

Bonnie: Best to stay off it, then.

Prof. Shane: Bonnie. Wait, wait. Don't-- Come on. Bonnie! Help me! Come on, please! Help me!






Damon: Well, here we are. Looks like someone beat us to the punch.

Vaughn: That's a shame, Damon. I have no use for you anymore. Hate to kill ya.

Damon: Ditto. You know, that pesky hunter's curse and all. 
 All right. How do you want to do this?

Vaughn: I'll make it quick and painless.




Damon: Wish I could make the same promise.




Damon: I'm gonna kill you. And then I'm gonna get to that damn cure, and I'm gonna give it to the girl that I love.

Vaughn: Your attachment to your friends will be the end of you.




Damon: 
 You don't know my friends...
 Or my enemies.




Elena: There's only one cure? 
 I can't take it. I mean, not above everyone else who deserves it just as much as I do. 
 It's over.

Stefan: I'm sorry.

Elena: Don't be. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise.

Stefan: How so?

Elena: Things changed the minute that I went off that bridge, Stefan. Even if I could be human again, I wouldn't be the person that I was. 
 So it's about time that I accept the person that I am now and figure out a way...to start living the rest of my life.

Stefan: The rest of your life...sired to Damon.

Elena: I guess we'll have to deal with that when I get home. 
 Oh my god...Home. Klaus. Bonnie's spell isn't gonna hold him.

Stefan: And after what we did to Kol, if we don't ram that cure down his throat, he'll kill us all.

Elena: Pity party over. We have to go.

Gilbert Residence




Tyler: Every time I think I have him, that son of a bitch gets the upper hand.

Caroline: We won't let him hurt you. Stefan and Elena will bring back the cure.

Tyler: If they get to it first! And if they don't, Klaus kills me. 
 I need to get out of town to figure out how I'm gonna stay alive--

Caroline: Wait, hang on, okay? Gosh! Before you get all doomsday, just-- At least let me try and talk to him.

Tyler: He's got nothing to lose, Care. His brother's dead, his hybrids are gone. All he wants right now is blood, starting with mine.

Caroline: I'm not gonna say goodbye to you again, do you understand me? Let me fix this. 


Island




Damon: Are we gonna dance or are we gonna play?

Rebekah: You know he can't hurt me, Damon, unless he's got the white oak stake.

Vaughn: Oh, he doesn't, but he's got other toys.




Stefan: 
 Damon!




Damon: You're wasting time. Just get the cure. Go.

Elena: We're not gonna leave you.

Stefan: No, we aren't. 
 You need to go ahead. We'll be right behind you. 
 Go.






Bonnie: Look at us. 
 A newbie hunter and a witch who needs adult supervision. How are we the ones that made it this far?

Jeremy: I'm glad we're here together.

Bonnie: Me, too.

Jeremy: 
 Where is "here," exactly?

Bonnie: This way.

Jeremy: How do you know?

Bonnie: I just know.




Grams: Hello, Bonnie.

Bonnie: 
 Hi, Grams.




Bonnie: What are you doing here, Grams?

Grams: This place allows the living to talk to the dead.

Jeremy: Bonnie, what's going on?

Bonnie: 
 I am so sorry about what happened.

Grams: It's okay. You're here now. And you are this close to bringing me back to life for good.

Bonnie: How?

Grams: Silas can do it. All you have to do is reach him and feed him, and everything will go back to the way it was.




Jeremy: Bonnie, stop! 
 Hey, you're not seeing your grams. If she were here, I'd be able to see her, and I can't. It's not her ghost. It's a hallucination. 
 What you're seeing isn't real. It's me. Your grams isn't here. I'm here. I'm real, okay?




Bonnie: What happened?

Jeremy: Silas. He was in your head. He was trying to control you.

Bonnie: And Shane. Illusions of his wife. That's how Silas controls him.

Jeremy: You need to block him out of your mind. Close your eyes. 
 Listen to my voice and only my voice. 
 I'm gonna get us there. 


Gilbert Residence




Caroline: 
 You can't kill Tyler.

Klaus: Not only can I, I have to. I have a reputation to uphold. Moreover, I want to.

Caroline: I'm not asking you to forgive him. All I'm asking is that you let him live, somewhere far from here.

Klaus: So he gets to live a happy life after he turned all my hybrids against me, after he tried to kill me, after he made it his life's mission to find the cure so he could use it against me--

Caroline: 
 We all want the cure.

Klaus: Do we? 
 Do you?

Caroline: It doesn't matter. There's only one, so it's not like I'm gonna get it anyway.

Klaus: But if you could...you wouldn't, would you? 
 You prefer who you are now to the girl you once were. You like being strong, ageless, fearless. 
 We're the same, Caroline.

Caroline: Then show me. You know how much I love Tyler. You can see how scared I am to lose him. If you and I are so similar, then show me your compassion. Show him the mercy that I would show you.

Klaus: Mercy? For Tyler? Very well. Tell him to leave town immediately. 
 And tell him to run and hide in a place I will never find him.

Caroline: Of course. 


Klaus: Tell him that this is the mercy I extend for your sake...that I will give him a head start before I kill him.




Island




Stefan: All right, come on. We have to catch up.

Damon: 
 No, it's okay. I just need a minute. I'm only gonna slow you down. Go. She only needs one of us.

Stefan: And what? You don't care to be that one anymore? You finally decided it was easier to just walk away?

Damon: There's only one dose of the cure, Stefan. She wants to take it, you want her to. I don't. Just do what makes her happy, Stefan.

Stefan: Things have changed. It's not that easy anymore.

Damon: 
 It is right now. Get your ass down the well. Help Elena get the damn thing. 
 Come on.






Elena: Stefan? 
 Hello? 


Woman: 
 Elena. 





Elena: 
 No!




Gilbert Residence




Caroline: How many times are we gonna have to say goodbye?

Tyler: At least this time we have a minute to do it the right way.

Caroline: 
 There isn't a right way.

Tyler: This isn't goodbye. This is...until we find a way. We're immortal, remember? We will find a way.

Caroline: What if we don't? 
 Tell me that you'll never think of me again. Tell me that you'll forget about me, tell me that you are gonna go on and live a full and happy life without me.

Tyler: 
 I will live a happy life without you. I will forget all about you. And I will never, ever, think about you again.




Caroline: Until we find a way. 


Island




Prof. Shane: Hey, I don't suppose you'd want to share a little of that vampire blood.

Stefan: Where are Jeremy and Bonnie?

Prof. Shane: I have no idea.

Stefan: 
 Stop lying!

Prof. Shane: 
 I'm not lying...But if you help me, I will take you the rest of the way, I promise.

Stefan: 
 Did you know this whole time that there was only one cure?

Prof. Shane: 
 What? No. How could I? I've never seen it. 
 Look, everything I ever said and did was just to bring back my family, I swear.

Stefan: 
 Well, then you know what it's like to have hope, and now you know what it feels like to lose it. 


Prof. Shane: Come on. Come on!




Prof. Shane: Caitlin. I'm sorry, Caitlin. I failed you.

Caitlin: No. You didn't.

Prof. Shane: I'm sorry. I tried.

Caitlin: 
 Shh. You did everything I asked you to. Everything is going to be just fine.






Jeremy: 
 Is this it? This is the cure? How is that supposed to cure every vampire in the world?

Bonnie: I don't think it is, Jer.




Jeremy: It's stuck. Help me move it.




Bonnie: It's, like, fossilized in place. It's like trying to bend stone. 
 Oh, my god.

Jeremy: What? 
 What, Bonnie?

Bonnie: He's been frozen like a vampire statue for 2000 years. There's only one way we're gonna get the statue to unfreeze.

Jeremy: How's that?

Bonnie: We have to feed him our blood. 
 If we want to get the cure out of his hands, we...we have to wake him up.




Rebekah: You're alive.

Damon: Yeah.

Rebekah: Why didn't you go with them?

Damon: Needed a siesta.

Rebekah: You gave up, didn't you?

Damon: 
 I didn't give up. I just realized...you can't control everything...no matter how hard you try. Let's just say I made peace with that fact.

Rebekah: 
 Peace? You love Elena. You always will. If she becomes human, she may not feel the same way about you. You'll never know peace.

Damon: Life sucks. Get a helmet.

Rebekah: 
 You did something selfless, Damon. If I didn't know better, I'd say you were becoming a halfway decent person.




Jeremy: Ah, come on!

Bonnie: There's got to be a way to do this without raising him. 
 We'll find a way--




Vaughn: Don't listen to the witch, boy. We have to raise Silas, and we have to do it now.

Jeremy: Bonnie! 
 What are you doing?

Vaughn: What you shoulda done already. I'm gonna raise Silas...
 Then I'm gonna kill him.




Vaughn: You're a bit confused, Mr. Gilbert. We're on the same team here.




Jeremy: You stabbed my friend!




Vaughn: I don't mess around with witches.

Jeremy: 
 You can't use the cure on Silas.

Vaughn: It's what it's meant for!




Vaughn: What else would you use it for? 
 Your friends...Your sister...Sorry, lad. It wasnae meant for that. Nothing personal. 


Jeremy: Don't! The hunter's curse!




Elena: You okay?




Gilbert Residence




Caroline: How did you get out?

Klaus: I fear something awful has befallen your friend Bonnie. 
 Don't worry, love. You know I'd never hurt you.

Caroline: You've done enough.

Klaus: I've done more than enough. I've shown kindness, forgiveness, pity...because of you, Caroline. It was all for you.




Island




Stefan: Elena. What happened?

Elena: 
 She's here!

Stefan: Who?




Jeremy: Elena's here now, okay? Everything's gonna be all right.

Bonnie: 
 We did it.

Katherine: Come on. We gotta get you up.

Jeremy: 
 You have to help Bonnie. The hunter stabbed her. You have to feed her.

Katherine: Okay. I just need to make sure that you're okay first.

Jeremy: I'm fine. What are you doing?

Katherine: 
 The cure. Jeremy, after everything we've been through, it's right there.

Jeremy: It'll be there after we help Bonnie. 


Katherine: God, I forgot what a brat you were.

Jeremy: 
 What?

Katherine: I'm done playing nice.




Jeremy: Katherine.

Katherine: It's been too long, little Gilbert.




Katherine: Sorry. Family reunion is gonna have to be cut short.




See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16
