


A View To a Kill







Information


season
number




4
12






Navigation


previous
next




Catch Me If You Can
Into the Wild





Contents[show]
Rebekah's House

[Stefan wakes up with a sleeping Rebekah's arm around him. He slowly removes her arm and gets out of the bed. He quickly puts his clothes on with vampire speed, trying to sneak out. He puts on his jacket and opens the door to see Klaus.]

Klaus: Leaving so soon?

[Rebekah angrily puts her robe on.]

Rebekah: This is my place, Nik, and I don't appreciate you invading my privacy like some kind of creeping Tom.

Klaus: Well, I apologize for breaking up this sordid little tryst, but I do have some urgent business. Or have you forgotten – our paranoid brother Kol is running around with the white oak stake and homicide on the brain?

Rebekah: He tried to kill me last night. I didn't forget.

Klaus: Yes, well, unfortunately he seems to have absconded with my set of daggers.

Rebekah: Oh, poor Nik. How ever will you get your way without your precious daggers? They were so handy when you wanted to end a conversation with one of us!

Klaus: Kol's irrational fear of Silas has pushed him over the edge. We need to put him down before he does any more damage. Now, I know you have the last dagger, and I know you have some white ash, so hand it over.

Rebekah: Mhm, and leave myself unprotected? You can file that request under 'no chance in hell.' Be gone by the time I have showered. Lurkers aren't welcome here.

[Rebekah leaves.]

Klaus: I need that dagger, Stefan. Talk some sense into her.

Stefan: Why don't you talk some sense into her? I'm headed home to play prison guard to Damon. He's on lockdown ever since Kol compelled him to kill Jeremy last night.

Klaus: You see? That's my point exactly. If you let Kol roam free, then Jeremy won't live to see his junior prom, and we can kiss our map to the cure goodbye. But if you help me dagger Kol, Damon will be uncompelled, Jeremy will live, and we'll all be on our merry way to a human Elena.

Mystic Falls High School

[Bonnie is blowing up balloons in the gym for a school dance while talking on the phone. The shots alternate between Bonnie at the school and Elena at her house.]

Elena: Where are you?

Bonnie: I told Caroline that I'd take her place at decade dance prep, but none of the rest of you showed.

[Elena picks up a packet of chips off Matt and puts them on the table. Matt and Jeremy are playing a multiplayer FPS video game on the TV.]

Elena: I know, I'm sorry. I had to, though. I have Jeremy under house arrest because Kol wants to kill him, and Klaus wants to take him on some vampire-slaying road trip. And since neither of them are invited in, it's the only place I can keep them safe.

Bonnie: Why does it sound like you're under fire?

Elena: Apparently I'm living in a fraternity house now.

Jeremy: I'm training.

Matt: Me, too.

Elena: Train yourself to do some dishes, and put these weapons away before someone tries to use one on me.

[Matt gives her a thumbs up.]

Bonnie: Well, it's hard for me to look forward to this dance while you're trapped in your house.

Elena: Listen, I have a plan to end all of this. I want Jeremy to kill Kol.

Bonnie: You want Jeremy to kill an original?

Elena: Think about it. Kol's sire line must stretch to the moon by now. If Jeremy kills Kol, every vampire that he's ever turned, not to mention everyone that they've turned, will die, which means the hunter's mark will be complete and we'll have our key to finding the cure.

Bonnie: I'm on my way, we'll figure it out. Do you think Caroline will notice if there's only 89 red balloons?

Elena: [laughing] Actually, probably yes.

[Elena puts her hands under the water and gets burned, gasps and drops her phone. Jeremy and Matt stand up.]

Bonnie: Elena!

[Elena picks up her phone.]

Elena: Sorry.

Bonnie: What happened?

Elena: I don't know. There's something in the water.

[Cut to Bonnie walking in the hallways of the school, talking on the phone with someone else.]

Bonnie: Are you serious? You dumped vervain into the water supply? Where did you even get it?

Rudy: I have my sources. I'm also reinstating the curfew and canceling all town events.

Bonnie: Dad, there's a dance tonight.

Rudy: Not anymore.

Bonnie: Are you serious?

Rudy: Honey, I'm trying to protect you, not punish you. The well-being of this town is my job now.

Bonnie: No! Dad, it's mine and I've been doing fine without you getting involved!

Rudy: You've been doing fine? Would you like me to read you all the names of the people who have gone missing or died in tragic accidents, in your senior year alone? Head straight home please, we're having a family meeting.

[Bonnie hangs up. She is about to continue walking, when Kol arrives suddenly and pushes her against the wall, restraining her with a hand over her neck.]

Kol: No one can find the cure if you're too dead to find it.

[Kol vamps out and is about to attack Bonnie when she uses her magic to break the bones in his hand and body. She starts to lose control; her power causes balloons in the hallway to pop and the lockers to open, papers flying out of them. Bonnie, alarmed, runs off.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Damon is still in the cellar, looking weak. He hears footsteps and sees Stefan.]

Damon: You coming to snap my neck again? Because I woke up feeling completely un-murderous, and I'm pretty sure that it's safe to set me free.

[Stefan throws a vial of blood towards Damon.]

Damon: Oh man, really? You practically bled me dry. At least spring for a bag or something. I'm thirsty.

[Stefan sets a water bottle between the bars of the door.]

Damon: Not exactly what I had in mind.

[Damon gets up, groaning, and walks over to grab the water bottle. He sees Klaus standing on the other side.]

Klaus: Hello, mate.

Damon: What the hell are you doing here?

[Klaus smiles.]

Klaus: Babysitting.

Damon: Oh.

Stefan: Give him a vial of blood every couple of hours, so he doesn't desiccate. If he gets too much strength back, or if he just annoys you, bleed him out again.

Damon: Silent treatment, huh? Is that your best shot? [to Klaus] He's still pissed at me for sleeping with Elena.

Klaus: You sure about that? 'Cause I saw him trying to sneak out of Rebekah's bed this morning, which would suggest to me that he's moved on.

[Stefan sighs.]

Damon: Well, well. Looks like my brother ripped out a page of my revenge-sex handbook.

Stefan: Well, why don't you two enjoy your little, uh, villain bonding time? I'll let you know when I get the dagger from Rebekah.

[Stefan leaves. He's walking down a hallway of his house when his phone rings. He stops to look at it; it reads "Elena". After hesitating, he decides to answer it.]

Stefan: Damon's fine. I locked him up with all the creature comforts he deserves.

Elena: That's not why I called. Kol just tried to kill Bonnie.

[Stefan walks out the front door.]

Stefan: What? Is she okay?

Elena: Yeah, she's just shaken up. She managed to hold him off, but Kol seems pretty intent on murdering everyone who's looking for that cure.

Stefan: Yeah, Klaus has me trying to convince Rebekah to give up her dagger so he can take care of Kol.

Elena: I don't want to just dagger Kol. I want Jeremy to kill him.

[Stefan looks back at the door, and then revs up his motorcycle, creating noise to cover their conversation.]

Stefan: What did you just say?

Elena: Bonnie has all this crazy new power. She thinks she can hold him long enough for Jeremy to get a clean shot.

Stefan: And then what, huh? Klaus and Rebekah will kill every one of us out of spite. They may be dysfunctional bickering lunatics, but they stick together no matter what.

Elena: That's why you need to find the dagger and use it on Rebekah. She can't come looking for revenge if she's laying in a box.

Stefan: Yeah, I can't do that.

Elena: I know you can't because vampires can't use the dagger, but Matt can. It's not like she doesn't deserve it. And Bonnie thinks that she can get Klaus out of the picture, too, at least temporarily. Once we get this cure, none of this will matter because we can use it against them.

Stefan: All right, fine, but how do you plan to lure Kol in?

Street

[It's night-time. Kol is walking down a street listening to music on his phone when it rings. He answers it, and the shots alternate between Kol walking down the street and the inside of the Gilbert house.]

Kol: Jeremy Gilbert. Nice to see I'm still on your speed dial, mate. Hey, you want to meet up at the batting cages in Denver?

Elena: Actually, it's Elena Gilbert.

Kol: What a treat. Yeah, I was just thinking of all the clever ways I could have your brother killed, but I'd settle for ripping off his illustrated arm instead.

Elena: I need to talk to you – in person.

[In the background, Matt and Jeremy are preparing weapons.]

Elena: I wanna call a truce, in the name of Silas.

[Kol stops walking.]

Kol: You want to talk about Silas?

Elena: I'll meet you wherever you want. I'll come to you.

Kol: I'll tell you what. How about I come to you?

[The doorbell rings. Everyone turns in surprise. Jeremy cocks his gun and points it at the door. Kol is outside.]

Kol: If you want a truce, open the door and invite me in.

[Elena is slightly flustered by the unexpected turn of events and looks around for her next move.]

Kol: I'm waiting. Let me in and let's talk truce.

[Elena takes a blackboard down from the wall.]

Kol: Hello?

Elena: Wouldn't that be kind of stupid to invite you in?

[She starts writing on the board.]

Kol: On the contrary, I can't kill your brother with my own two hands, or I'll suffer the hunter's curse and spend the next 20 years trying to off myself in gruesome ways.

[Elena shows what she wrote on the blackboard to Matt: "Help Stefan find dagger". He leaves out the back door.]

Kol: And I've heard that vervain's back in town, so I can't compel you to kill him either. So I think it's fair to say you're semi-safe, for now.

[Elena has erased the board and written a new message for Jeremy. She shows it to him: "Get out. Get Bonnie".]

Jeremy: [whispering] I'm the only one that can invite him inside.

Kol: He's right, obviously.

[Elena goes and opens the door for Kol.]

Kol: You'd think being alive for over a thousand years would teach me some manners, but I couldn't resist stopping by.

Elena: If I let you in, my brother goes. You're not getting near him.

Kol: Fair enough.

[Elena looks back at Jeremy and nods. Jeremy nods.]

Jeremy: You can come in.

[Jeremy leaves through the back door.]

Kol: No gold medals for bravery, I see. You know the thing I love about the modern age is...music, anytime you like.

[Kol puts his phone and earphones in his pocket, and it gives Elena a view of the white oak stake, which is stashed in an inside pocket of Kol's jacket.]

Kol: So...this is the part where you offer me a drink so we can have a proper chat.

[Elena nods and makes way for Kol, then closes the door.]

Rebekah's House

[Rebekah is looking through a rack of clothing while Stefan leans against the doorframe.]

Rebekah: The colors, the fabrics...The eighties were just...tragic. You know, I think shoulder pads rival 17th-century puritan smocks for crimes against fashion.

Stefan: Looking for something to wear to the dance?

Rebekah: Aye. Are you asking me to a date?

Stefan: Actually, it was canceled.

[Stefan walks farther into Rebekah's room, and she is clearly upset.]

Rebekah: So why are you here? Back for more dagger talk?

[Stefan laughs.]

Stefan: Somebody has some trust issues.

Rebekah: It's called a healthy skepticism. I know you were trying to sneak out this morning. I'm not stupid.

Stefan: Sorry, I'm...I'm still trying to get used to this.

Rebekah: Do you regret it?

Stefan: No.

Rebekah: Do you want it to happen again?

Stefan: Maybe.

Rebekah: Even if I don't give you the dagger?

Stefan: You think that I would sleep with you just to get the dagger?

Rebekah: Don't give me that innocent look. You've done plenty to me in the name of getting what you want. Well, I guess I should pack up these racks. Just another failed attempt at getting to a high school dance.

Stefan: Why do you care so much about a high school dance?

Rebekah: I don't. I was just bored.

Stefan: Right. Well, we can still go, if you want.

Rebekah: Not if it's canceled, we can't.

Stefan: Since when do you care about the rules?

Salvatore Boarding House

[Klaus is walking around while Damon is lying down on the bed, tossing an object up in the air.]

Klaus: You know, none of this would be an issue if you'd have just done your job properly. I was perfectly willing to let you train Jeremy.

Damon: No, you weren't. Are you kidding? You got there day two. Do you know how hard it is to get these Xbox brains to focus?

Klaus: And then when I turned a room full of barflies into vampires for him to slaughter, you let Kol kill them.

Damon: Your brother problem, not mine, buddy.

Klaus: And whose bright idea was it to saddle Jeremy with a conscience, hmm?

Damon: Well, we couldn't have him trying to stake Elena in her sleep, now, could we?

Klaus: Ah, yes, for the love of Elena. How is it that she manages to overlook every horrific thing you've ever done? Is it willful ignorance, or perhaps something more pathological?

Damon: Some people are just more capable of forgiveness than others. Bet you score about a negative 500 in that realm.

Klaus: [smiling] Come on. There must be a secret. It can't just be the sire bond. What is it? Compulsion? Manipulation? [Damon doesn't reply.] What is it you say to her?

[Damon catches what he's throwing and sits up.]

Damon: I think this has something to do with a certain blonde vampire. I think you murdered Carol Lockwood, and I think you're worried that Caroline's never going to forgive you.

Klaus: You've done worse.

Damon: Debatable. See, I don't mind being the bad guy, because somebody has to fill that role and get things done. You do bad things for no reason. You do them to be a dick.

Klaus: Debatable.

[Damon shrugs.]

Damon: If you're gonna be bad, be bad with a purpose. Otherwise, you're just not worth forgiving.

[Damon lies back down and sighs. He goes back to throwing the object in the air.]

Gilbert Residence

[Kol is playing the video game, and Elena walks up behind him with a bottle of alcohol.]

Elena: Sorry, I had to dig up the old people alcohol.

[Kol turns around and pauses the game. He begins to walk over to the kitchen.]

Kol: Yeah, that's the problem with people today. They have no drinking imagination. Turn-of-the-century New Orleans – now, they knew how to make a drink.

Elena: You lived in New Orleans?

Kol: We all did, till Niklaus shoved a dagger in my heart.

Elena: Why? What did you do?

Kol: What makes you think I did anything? Has your alliance with my brother softened you to his horrors?

Elena: I don't have an alliance with Klaus. We had a mutual interest in finding the cure – that's all.

Kol: Had?

Elena: Yes. And I'm willing to give up looking for it if you promise to leave my brother alone. [Kol doesn't reply, and Elena picks up the mixer.] Now, can you teach me how to make this?

[Elena slightly smiles and Kol takes the mixer.]

Elena: I'll get some ice.

[Elena watches as Kol pours something into a glass. She opens the refrigerator and pulls out her phone. She has a message from Jeremy that says 'Trying to find her. KEEP KOL THERE.' in reponse to her message "He's got the stake. Where is B?". She gets something from the fridge and closes the door. Kol is standing right next to her, startling her.]

Street

[Jeremy is hastily walking down the sidewalk, leaving Bonnie a voicemail.]

Jeremy: Bonnie, where are you? I called like seventeen times. Kol is in our house. We need you. Okay, I'm heading to your house now.

Gilbert Residence

[Elena is holding a bowl of ice, and she offers it to Kol.]

Elena: Here you go.

Kol: Would you like one?

[She hesitates.]

Elena: Sure, why not?

[Kol puts the ice in the drinks.]

Elena: You're really good at that game. Definitely considering you've been locked up in a coffin for a hundred years.

Kol: [smiling] I'm a quick learner. Speedy reflexes. It's not much like the real thing, though, is it? [Elena looks up.] You've killed, haven't you? Or are you one of those Mary Sue vampires?

Elena: I've killed. Once. I'm guessing your number's a lot higher than mine.

Kol: You lose track over the years. So, are we going to talk about Silas, or just jibber-jabber?

[Elena gestures to the family room, and Kol walks over. Elena pulls out her phone. She has a text from Matt saying 'No dagger yet. Need time.'

Rebekah's House

[Matt is rummaging through Rebekah's bedroom for the dagger. He looks in all the drawers and her bathroom as well. He starts looking in the bed, but he can't find it.]

Gilbert Residence

[Kol is drinking and leaning against the sofa.]

Elena: Nobody else seems to think Silas exists, so why do you?

Kol: I used to run with some witches. Africa in the fourteenth century, Haiti in the seventeenth century, New Orleans in the nineteen hundreds. They all knew about Silas; that he needed to stay buried. I actually hold witches in high esteem.

Elena: Yeah, but why Silas? Why are you so afraid of him?

Kol: They said if Silas rises, he'll unleash hell on Earth. I happen to like Earth just the way it is.

Elena: That's pretty biblical.

Kol: Well, that's the other problem with people today – they've lost faith. And in that loss, they no longer know who they should fear.

Bennett Residence

[Bonnie is searching the house for her phone, but can't find it. Her dad walks in.]

Bonnie: I have to get to Elena's – have you seen my phone?

[He holds up Bonnie's phone.]

Rudy: I've got your phone, and I've got your car keys. And I told you, we are having a family meeting.

Bonnie: Is that something you read in a book? Because we have never had a family meeting.

Rudy: I've let this go on far enough. Shane said you and your magic are like a ticking time bomb.

Bonnie: And I told you he's crazy.

Rudy: I lost your mother to witchcraft. I don't intend to lose you.

Bonnie: It's not your life, it's mine.

[They are interrupted as Jeremy pounds urgently on the door. Rudy goes to answer it.]

Rudy: Yeah?

Jeremy: Is Bonnie here?

Rudy: She's busy.

[He tries shutting the door, but Jeremy comes in anyway.]

Jeremy: It's important.

[Bonnie joins them in the foyer.]

Bonnie: What's going on?

Jeremy: I've called you like a hundred times. Kol is in our house.

[Bonnie, horrified, turns to her father.]

Bonnie: I have to go.

Rudy: I said "no".

[Bonnie is mad and breaks a light with her magic.]

Bonnie: Stop telling me what to do.

[She tries walking out the door, but Abby blocks the way, her eyes vamping out.]

Abby: No one's going anywhere.

Bonnie: Mom?

Rudy: Abby, please come in.

[Abby walks in. Bonnie still looks shocked.]

Bonnie: What are you doing here?

Abby: Your father called. Who's professor Shane? What has he been teaching you?

Jeremy: Bonnie, we don't have time for this.

Rudy: This is a family matter.

[Jeremy turns to face Rudy.]

Jeremy: My sister's in trouble. We need Bonnie's help.

Abby: My daughter is done helping Elena Gilbert. Now, get out!

Bonnie: Mom!

Abby: Answer my question. What lies has this professor been telling you?

[Jeremy pulls out a stake and tries attacking Abby, but Abby catches his arm.]

Bonnie: Don't! Jeremy! Hey, stop! Stop.

[Bonnie pulls Jeremy away from her mom and grabs his neck.]

Bonnie: Don't hurt her. She's my mom.

[The murderous stare starts to leave his eyes.]

Bonnie: All right? Look at me.

[Jeremy takes a step back, heading for the door.]

Bonnie: Just go, okay? I'm right behind you.

[Bonnie closes the door and faces her mom.]

Bonnie: You wanna talk? Let's talk.

Gilbert Residence

[Kol is walking around and picks up a framed photograph of Elena and Jeremy joking around. He stares at it as Elena approaches him, carrying a bottle of wine.]

Elena: So we're out of gin, but I think this is a good year.

Kol: What if I said I don't believe you?

Elena: Okay, you caught me. I don't know anything about wine.

[Kol sets the picture down.]

Kol: It just seems odd that you'd be so willing to give up something you want so much.

Elena: I would do anything for my brother. And if what you're saying about Silas is true, what does it matter what I want if it puts everyone else in danger?

Kol: Well, this has been enlightening. Thanks for the drinks.

[Elena starts to panic as Kol moves to leave. She takes a step towards him as he opens the door.]

Kol: I'll take your request for a truce under advisement.

Elena: Is there any chance that you could be wrong about Silas?

Kol: Trust me, Elena. Some things are better left buried.

[Kol leaves. Elena sighs.]

Mystic Falls High School

[Stefan and Rebekah enter the still-decorated gym. It is empty and dark.]

Rebekah: I think I saw a horror movie that started just like this. Did you know they play movies on TV all night long now? Hundreds of them. So much better than those silly black-and-white picture shows we used to go to.

[Stefan turns on the lights and music, and Rebekah smiles.]

Stefan: I dunno. I kinda miss the old ones. You got any requests for the DJ?

[Stefan looks down at his phone. He reads a text message from Matt: "Still looking".]

Rebekah: I'll let you pick. Nothing cheesy.

Stefan: Oh, that leaves out about half the decade.

[Stefan plugs his phone into the speakers.]

Stefan: Hope you like The Cure.

Rebekah: Funny. So is everything about the eighties so...excessive?

Stefan: It had its charm. "Say Anything" – Lloyd Dobler standing outside of a bedroom window with a boombox over his head, desperately trying to get back the girl of his dreams; "Princess Bride" – Wesley slays giant rats for love; "The Breakfast Club" – one detention turns a bunch of outcasts into allies.

Rebekah: So it was a decade of sentimental drivel, as well?

Stefan: Well, I was going to say love, friendship, the possibility of anything happening. You would've loved it.

Rebekah: [smiling] And why is that?

Stefan: Because as much as we both hate to admit it, we care about those things.

[Stefan pulls out a small box.]

Rebekah: That better not be a corsage. I loathe corsages.

[Stefan opens the box. It's a koala corsage.]

Stefan: These were all the rage in the eighties.

[Rebekah laughs, and Stefan clips it to her dress.]

Stefan: Let's dance.

[Rebekah takes Stefan's hand, and they start dancing.]

Gilbert Residence

[Jeremy walks in cautiously, holding up a gun loaded with wooden bullets. He closes the door and hears a noise. He's ready to shoot, but stops when he sees it's Elena.]

Elena: I'm sorry. He left. I mean, I – I tried to stall as long as I could.

[The doorbell rings.]

Jeremy: That's Bonnie. She was right behind me.

[Elena goes to open the door, but it's Kol.]

Kol: I've considered your request for a truce. Request denied.

[Elena slams the door in his face.]

Kol: [shouting] I'm sorry. I've already been invited in!

[He kicks the door open and walks in; Elena and Jeremy are gone.]

Kol: Hide and seek? Fine by me.

Bennett Residence

Bonnie: Dad needs to mind his own business. He had no right to call you here.

Abby: It's not just your father, Bonnie. Witches talk; word gets around.

Bonnie: I found a new way to practice. It's unconventional, but I can handle myself, I promise.

Rudy: That's not what Shane said.

Bonnie: Shane is sitting in a jail cell right now. You're going to take his word over mine?

Abby: I have warned you about dark magic before.

Bonnie: It's not dark magic, it's Expression and I need it! We found a cure, Mom. There's a cure for vampirism. And I can do the spell to access it. I can save you, but I have to go – now.

Abby: I'm not the one that needs to be saved. You are.

[Abby rushes over to Bonnie and places her hand over Bonnie's mouth, drugging her with an herb. Bonnie passes out.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Klaus has his phone out in the cellar.]

Klaus: Your brother's lack of communication is infuriating.

Damon: It's one of his trademarks, like his brooding and his hair.

Klaus: I don't understand what's taking so long. I mean, how hard is it to steal a dagger?

Damon: From a vampire who's been stabbed as many times as your sister, I'd say difficult.

[Klaus sighs and tosses Damon a vial of blood.]

Damon: Sweet.

Klaus: You disappoint me, Damon. You're not trying very hard to get out of here. I expected more the daring escape artist, less the cell potato.

Damon: Well, I am compelled to kill Jeremy, so I figured it's probably smarter to sit here and chit-chat with you than bust out of here like the Hulk.

Klaus: How do you think Elena felt about that, by the way? Your inability to overcome Kol's compulsion for a single moment even though it meant saving the person she loves most in the world?

Damon: She's met me. She knows impulse control's not my strong suit.

Klaus: Still, must be hard trying to live up to Stefan. I remember when I compelled him to feed off Elena. He fought it so hard, he actually managed to resist. Now, that's love.

Damon: What do you know about love?

Klaus: I know that you're in love with Elena. But I think you're afraid of what might happen when we find the cure at the end of the rainbow. Personally, I don't see a fairytale ending for you. All I see is Stefan and Elena. I think you see the same thing.

[Damon doesn't reply, and Klaus' phone rings. He sees it's Kol and answers it. The shots alternate between Klaus in the cellar and Kol at the Gilbert house.]

Klaus: Well, if it isn't the happy homicidal maniac.

Kol: Did you know that your darling former blood bag and her brother are trying to kill me?

Klaus: What?

Kol: Don't pretend like you're not in on it. Your obsession to find the cure clearly trumps any sibling loyalty you once felt.

Klaus: I don't know what you're talking about.

Kol: I'm going to rip off Jeremy's arm and kill Elena just for sport. Then I'm coming for you.

Gilbert Residence

[Kol hangs up and starts walking. Elena is at the top of the staircase with a crossbow and she shoots Kol in the leg. He groans in pain. She disappears upstairs with vampire speed. Kol pulls the arrow out of his leg and goes after her.]

Salvatore Boarding House

[Angry, Klaus grabs Damon by the neck and shoves him against the wall.]

Klaus: What the hell's going on?

Damon: I don't know.

Klaus: What are Stefan and Elena planning?

Damon: I don't know. I've been stuck in the penalty box with you since yesterday. Stefan won't talk to me, and Elena won't come to see me, so maybe you're right. Maybe she's written me off.

[Klaus uses compulsion.]

Klaus: Tell me what you know.

Damon: I don't know anything about a plan.

Klaus: Stay here till I return.

[Klaus releases Damon and leaves, slamming the door. Damon coughs.]

Damon: I will stay here until you return...

[He looks down at the bottle of vervain-tainted water.]

Damon: ...or not.

[Damon leaves.]

Mystic Falls High School

[In the gym, Rebekah is kicking a balloon, twirling and having fun. Stefan comes back with a bottle of alcohol.]

Stefan: It's amazing what you can find stashed away in the teachers' lounge.

Rebekah: This song is not as terrible as the other ones.

Stefan: This song is the godfather of rock anthems, okay?

Rebekah: What's going on with you? You're...fun tonight.

Stefan: I can't listen to this music without thinking of my best friend, Lexi. We spent most of the eighties together. I remember this one time she snuck us backstage and compelled half the band to do tequila shots with us before the show. She was fearless, kinda like you.

Rebekah: So, you slept with her, too?

Stefan: No, it wasn't like that. I was just a better person when I was with her. I didn't think I'd ever feel that way again.

Rebekah: Until Elena?

Stefan: Until Elena. And now, that's over.

Rebekah: That look right there? That is why I don't let myself care.

Stefan: Well, you can say that, but we both know it's not true.

[A balloon pops and Stefan flinches.]

Rebekah: Don't worry. I'll protect you if Kol tracks his way to this abandoned dance.

[She pulls down her leg warmer and shows him the dagger. She notices the music has stopped.]

Rebekah: I think I'll choose the next song.

[Stefan stops her and takes her drink.]

Stefan: No, you know what? I have a better idea.

[He sets their cups down and points to the hallway.]

Stefan: That way.

[Rebekah leaves the gym and Stefan unplugs his phone. He texts Matt, typing 'R has dagger. Get here now.']

Rebekah: Well, are you coming?

[Stefan follows her.]

Gilbert Residence

[Elena is in her bedroom. She pushes her dresser in front of her door, but struggles as Kol pushes back. Kol manages to shove the door open and Elena falls to the ground. With vampire speed she runs into the bathroom, shuts the doors behind her and locks it. Kol kicks open the door and finds Elena gone. He punches through the other door and finds Elena in Jeremy's room with Jeremy. Jeremy shoots Kol with a stake gun. Kol catches the stake.]

Kol: Missed!

[Jeremy shoots again, and Kol catches it with his other hand. Elena fires a pistol at him, shooting him multiple times.]

Elena: [screaming at Jeremy] Go!

[Jeremy runs, and she continues shooting Kol. Kol throws one of the stakes, hitting Elena in the thigh, and she cries out. Elena looks up, but Kol is gone. Jeremy is running through the hallway when Kol appears and punches him. Back in Jeremy's room, Elena pulls the stake out of her leg. Kol throws Jeremy down the stairs, and Jeremy groans in pain. Elena jumps on Kol's back, but he tosses her against the wall. He rips out one of the posts from the railing and impales Elena through the abdomen, pinning her to the wall. She gasps in shock and pain, completely immobilized. Kol walks over to Jeremy, who is still grunting in pain on the stair landing.]

Kol: Now...about that arm.

[Kol drags Jeremy down the stairs by his feet. Elena pulls feebly at the stake, but can't move it an inch.]

Mystic Falls High School

[Stefan is teaching Rebekah how to slide down the hallway like the characters do in the movie 'The Breakfast Club.']

Stefan: Like that.

[Rebekah laughs.]

Rebekah: This is ridiculous.

Stefan: Well, that's the whole point of The Breakfast Club slide. It's supposed to be ridiculous.

[Rebekah slides using vampire speed.]

Stefan: No, that's – that's cheating.

Rebekah: What is fun about hurtling down a hallway like a teenage imbecile?

Stefan: You're just gonna have to do it to find out.

[Rebekah smiles and sighs. She turns and has another go at it, but her shoes squeak against the floor – she can't slide in them.]

Stefan: All right, it's the shoes. Take off the shoes, you'll be fine, okay?

[Matt peers around a corner, waiting for Stefan to signal to him. Rebekah sighs and bends down to take the dagger out. Stefan quickly glances at Matt. Rebekah walks toward Stefan, holding the dagger.]

Rebekah: This is what you want, right?

[She gives it to him.]

Rebekah: Go ahead, take it. You're right. I do care. I want stupid koala corsages and a prom. I want to have kids with someone who loves me enough to stand outside my window with a stupid boombox. I want to be human. So let Klaus put down my brother. Let's go find the cure.

[Stefan looks at Matt before looking down, thinking. Eventually he pockets the dagger.]

Stefan: Come on. Let's go home.

[Stefan leads Rebekah out of the school. Matt stays hidden.]

Bennett Residence

[Rudy pats Bonnie's head as she's sleeping on the sofa. Abby is crushing something with a mortar and pestle.]

Rudy: You're drugging her?

Abby: Just enough to keep her down until I can get some witches here to clean her mind from that poison that professor's been teaching her.

Bonnie: That's not happening.

[Abby turns around to face an angry Bonnie.]

Abby: Bonnie, please.

[Bonnie holds out her hand, using magic on Abby. Abby gasps, feeling pain. The mortar breaks, and you can hear Abby's bones breaking. She screams, falling to the floor. Rudy puts his arm around her.]

Bonnie: I don't belong to the spirits anymore. I belong to myself. Sorry.

[Bonnie leaves, leaving her parents shocked.]

Gilbert Residence

[Elena is still trying to get the stake out of her abdomen, but it won't budge. Improvising, she braces her hands against the wall and pulls her body off of the stake. Downstairs, Kol has Jeremy strapped to the counter in the kitchen by his arms. Jeremy struggles against his bonds. Kol pulls a cleaver out of the knife block.]

Kol: Now, like I said, I don't fancy the hunter's curse, so I'm just going to chop off your arm. But don't worry, I'll heal you right up with a bit of blood after.

[Kol holds Jeremy's head against the counter.]

Kol: Sorry about the sting. Now, which arm is it? Is it left or right? I'll just chop off both to be safe.

[Jeremy closes his eyes as Kol raises the knife over him. Suddenly Elena appears and grabs Kol; the cleaver misses Jeremy and instead slices through one of Jeremy's restraints. Elena slams the cleaver into Kol's chest, shoving him against the counter. Jeremy releases his other arm and rushes to the sink. He grabs the spray hose and sprays Kol with the vervain water. Kol cries out in pain as the water hits him; Elena moves away. Jeremy keeps the water on Kol, and Elena takes the white oak stake from Kol's jacket, throwing it to Jeremy.]

Elena: Jeremy, now!

[Jeremy catches the stake and stabs Kol through the heart with it. Kol screams and bursts into flame. He continues to scream as he staggers through the kitchen and falls to the floor, dead. Elena notices that Jeremy sees something behind her, so she looks over to see Klaus standing at the open doorway, looking upset and angry.]

Klaus: What did you do?

Elena: We didn't have a choice. He was trying to cut off Jeremy's arm!

Klaus: Lies! He never would've gotten inside if you hadn't have set a trap for him.

Elena: You said you were going to put him down too.

Klaus: [furious] I was going to make him suffer on my terms! I'm going to burn this house to the ground. And then, when you try to flee for your lives, I'll kill you both without blinking.

Jeremy: You kill us, you'll never get to the cure. You'll never be able to make any more hybrids.

Klaus: You really think I care for an instant about my bloody hybrids? I want the cure so I can destoy it. I would've killed you all the second we dug it up, but now I'm just gonna watch you burn instead.

[Klaus falls to the ground, crying out and falling to his knees. Bonnie walks in past him.]

Bonnie: Invite him in.

[They look at her, confused.]

Bonnie: Do it!

[Klaus gets up.]

Jeremy: Come in.

[Klaus falls forward as Bonnie magically pulls him inside and immobilizes him.]

Bonnie: Living room. Go!

[Elena and Jeremy run through the living and into the kitchen. Klaus follows, but he can't get into the kitchen. He punches at the air, but there is an invisible barrier. Jeremy pulls the white oak stake out of Kol, and he and Elena run to the door and Klaus continues to pound on the barrier.]

Klaus: Witch, you can't do this to me.

Bonnie: You have no idea what I can do now.

Klaus: I will hunt all of you to your end! Do you hear me? Do you!?

[Elena, Bonnie, and Jeremy leave the house. Klaus pounds against the barrier futilely.]

Rebekah's House

[Rebekah is crying, having heard the news about Kol from Stefan.]

Rebekah: I don't believe you. Kol's not dead. He can't be.

Stefan: Listen, Rebekah, they didn't have a choice. Kol started this when he went after Jeremy. He went after you too, do you remember? I mean, he was never going to let us find the cure.

Rebekah: So you knew? This whole night, you knew?

Stefan: I'm not gonna let the people that I care about get hurt. Not Jeremy, not Elena, not even Damon. And you can hate me for it, but now he can't hurt you, either. And I want us to find this cure together, you and me. Not just for Elena, but for you. So that you can have what you want, be what you want. Be human again. Everyone deserves a second chance, right?

Rebekah: Why would I trust you?

Stefan: I don't know. I guess I could give you my word, but at the end of the day, you just need to take a leap.

Salvatore Boarding House

[Jeremy is pacing, staring at his bare arm. Elena and Bonnie are on the sofa.]

Jeremy: It didn't work.

Bonnie: It took time for Finn's line to die off, remember? It'll work.

Jeremy: What if it doesn't?

Damon: Where's that Gilbert optimism?

[Damon walks over to Elena.]

Damon: Hi.

[Smiling, Elena hugs him.]

Damon: Sorry I missed all the excitement.

Elena: I'm just happy to see you.

[The front door opens and Stefan walks in carrying Silas' tombstone. He closes the door.]

Stefan: Looks like I didn't miss much. Got the Silas headstone.

Elena: We're just waiting for Jeremy's mark to grow.

[Stefan sets the stone down on a table while Damon watches him warily.]

Elena: Klaus is trapped in our living room.

Bonnie: Temporarily. I drew on the new moon to bind the spell. We've got three days to find that cure – four, max.

Jeremy: If we don't, we might as well look up Katherine Pierce and see if she wants some company in hiding, 'cause he will come after us.

Elena: We'll find it. Now that we've got Rebekah taken care of, all we need is professor Shane, and then we'll have everything we need.

Stefan: Yeah, I didn't, uh...I didn't dagger her.

Elena: What? Why not?

Stefan: I didn't need to. She's on our side.

Elena: On our side? Did you really just say that?

Stefan: Yeah, she handed over the headstone. I mean, she wants to find this cure more than any of us.

Elena: Why would you possibly think that we could trust her?

Damon: Let me guess, she pledged her allegiance to you while you were naked in the sack?

[Everyone reacts silently. Elena looks shocked.]

Stefan: I bet you were just dying to get that out, weren't you, Damon?

Damon: Oh, was that supposed to be a secret? Maybe you should have made that a little clear while you were bleeding me dry in our cellar.

Stefan: Yeah, to keep you from killing Jeremy.

Elena: Stop it, both of you.

Stefan: Now, why don't you tell her to calm down, Damon? You've managed to use that sire bond pretty well so far, haven't you?

[Damon punches Stefan in the face, knocking him down. Stefan gets back up and is about to hit Damon back when Jeremy starts screaming. Jeremy rips off his shirt, and the mark is growing.]

Jeremy: It's happening.

[Elena is shocked because she can see the mark.]

Elena: Oh, my god...

Jeremy: You can see it?

[Elena nods as they watch the mark grow up his arm and across his chest.]

Damon: Here we go.

See More



This transcript outlines dialogue of a copyrighted television program. As such, falls under the same copyright laws as the program it is taken from. It is believed that the use of such copyrighted material, owned by the companies or corporations that produced it, The CW Television Network, will be used under fair use in the United States and fair dealing in the United Kingdom. It should therefore be considered the intellectual property of both corporations. Other third parties may hold intellectual rights over this image as well.

The Vampire Diaries, The Originals, Legacies, The Originals: The Awakening and The Vampire Diaries: A Darker Truth are all © of The CW and it's parent companies, Warner Brothers and CBS.


The Vampire Diaries TranscriptsSeason 11 • 2 • 3 • 4 •  5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 21 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 31 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 •  9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 41 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23Season 51 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 61 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 71 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22Season 81 • 2 • 3 • 4  • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16

